New Employee   Wussup with new employees?  Is it me or do new employees do some wild shit?  Now I know when I start a new job, I'm pretty anti, but I eventually adjust to my surroundings or just quit.  We've got this new chick..yes...I'm no longer the only chick here.  Another one of us has surfaced.  She's a strange being for real.  First of all, her eyes are the scariest things I've ever seen.  They're giving smoky makeup gone wrong!  On top of that, she stares at me all day (she sits across from me so I'd be in the line of fire) and never looks away when I catch her.  So I'll call her Bonnie...Bug-Eyed Bonnie.  She freaks me out though because when me and my techno dwarves have our usual debates/chats in here, she jumps in awf da "What chall tawkin bout?"  UM WHO WAS TALKING TO YOU MISS?!!  So for real, I don't like her cuz she's nosey and she has an eye problem.  Today she asked me what I was talking about when I was talking to the guys about my not being paid for three weeks.  It took everything in me to not tell her to mind her dayumed business.  And the fact that I get away with murder here works for me and my coworkers (boss included).  I do what I want.  But now that Bonnie has arrived, she feels the need to concern herself with just HOW I can do what I do.  Um..hello!!  Don't try to pull it off okay Bonnie?  Come here, mind your business, and do you work.  Whatever goes on between me and my techno dwarves is nunya (translation: none of your business).  I can't get together on her eyes though.  They are extra scary and I know she's not gauking at me cuz she thinks I'm cute.  The possibility of her being lez is 0%, I'm sure.  Bonnie's ass is just nosey as hell and she's probably wondering who's (bleep) I'm sucking to get away with shit here at work.  HA HA HA ..  That's way too funny!  My boss told me she has a crush on him so maybe she thinks I'm letting him blow my back out and major hatoration is in progress.  All I know is she better stoppit right now (she's looking at me right now..lol), before I poke her betwix the orbs.  Friggin goofball.  Bug Eyed Bonnie..LOL  The saga to be continued.....