Post Thanksgiving Meltdown - Pt. 2   Okay so yeh after dinner all the twenty/thirty-somethings decide to get blasted.  Yes, you know....drunk or whatever (lol).  And all of the old heads were upstairs chatting or watching the game.  There are two things that one does not need when "intoxicated"....FOOD AND FOOLISHNESS.  You will eat and laugh yourself to death!  After us younginz finished blowing our wigs back (in the basement), we were going upstairs one by one trying to hide our faces for fear of being called out by the old heads and the friggin Master, my grandma.  So of course I was one of the last ones to go up.  When we all got upstairs you would've thought that it was the Last Supper the way we attacked that kitchen.  It made no dayum sense.  The turkey didn't stand a chance, the mac and cheese pan was scraped and somebody burned the greens but they were taken down anyway.  And the extra brave were cutting pies like maniacs. If that wasn't bad enough, my dad (the Grand Puba of funny) was leaning on the counter knawing the hell out of a turkey leg caveman style.  I couldn't look at him cuz I would've passed out right there from laughing.  He knew something was up with all of us (especially us herbalists) and decided to do a pirate imitation that would've made Bin Laden fall out laughing.  This man actually jumped up, closed one eye and started yelling "WHO WANT TO WALK DEE PLANK??!" (he had the turkey leg in his hand yall)..lol  He then grabbed my sister by the back ot the sweater and yelled, "MOVE IT WENCH!!".  I died right there.  I did yall.  Laughter killed me on Thanksgiving.  My father needs help.  His imagination is nuts.  So then he spends the rest of the night harrassing me by telling me jokes that he knew would give me a heart attack (he knew what I had been up to earlier), especially after I fininished plate #3.  After running from my him for about 2 hours, I later passed out on the couch with my boots still on, mac and cheese crust on my chin.  I guess I'm thankful that I didn't choke to death off of burnt greens and pumkin pie.  That would've been bad...very bad.