It's Turkey Time!    It's Thanksgiving morning and I feel awful.  I have the worst hangover ever man.  I have a stomach ache and my head feels like I used and anvil as a pillow.  Now I'm sitting here watching my neice have breakfast, watching...yes.  I can't bear to eat anything cuz my ass is hungover.  How can a person be hungover on the biggest grub day of the year?  Sour stomach aint nuffin nice.  My neice is taunting me with her fork while eating eggs and waffles, grinning.like a madperson.  My dad and I are on our way to one of the most horrible places on Thanksgiving, THE GROCERY STORE.  AAAAGGGHHHHHH!!!!!  Why??!!!  SInce I wanted to party last night instead of make mac and cheese, I have to now go to the store and buy ingredients.  Plus I couldn't use the oven last night due to the waiting list.  So now that it's MY turn to use the oven, I can make the mac and cheese.  I still haven't found the recipe but think I'll wing it.     My dad is over here watching guess what?  A True Hollywood Story about Good Times.  I'm offended.  Isn't it bad enough we have to stomach the latenight reruns?  I find them pretty funny (in a sick way), but still.  In between commercials my dad is telling me a story about a crazy dude at his job (St. Elizabeth's Psychiatric Hospital) who thinks he is J.J. Walker.  Says the guy goes around the hospital all day and night shouting lines from J.J.'s parts on Good TImes.  What in the hell?  I refuse to have a conversation ON THANKSGIVING with my father about Good Times.  I thought we were supposed to give thanks for something.   I , looking for Boom Boom Belinda.  That's just wrong.  Everyway you look at it.  I wanna say thanks to cable networks for smearing Esther Rolle and her TV family all over the place.  Thank you Norman Lear for creating a TV show about black people NEVER receiving good news.  Nothing good happened on Good Times, EVER!  Only funny shit like rent parties and the Fun Girl episode.  Or how 'bout when Ebay was a star? Or when J.J. got shot by Cleophus?   That I'd say, was funny.  But we need to let GT go yall.  I can't believe they're doing a documentary on the characters.  I'm tellin' you what..  Bernadette Stanis was phat as a somemabitch back then.  I'd like to carve her turkey today.  Either that or slap the piss out of her for thinking Ebay was fine.   LOL!!!  Anyway (aren't ya glad I didn't say "at any rate"?...lol), I hope our backporch grilled turkey is good.  We should've smashed it down and cooked it on the Forman Grill.   Fuck the turkey!  On Thanksgiving, I live for greens and potato salad.  That's all I need on this day.  Plus turkey gives you cotton mouth and makes you sleepy.  I hope you all enjoy turkey torture today.  I certainly will.