Ghetto Relapse   Have you ever wondered how holidays are sick reminders that you and your family still have ghetto tendencies?  Shit just goes BAD during major holidays like Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter.  I'm at my parents' house for our annual pre-Thanksgiving psycho drama called "What Da Hell We Gon Eat Tumarra" and I started thinking.  Why do I hate holidays with my family so much?  Why do I get adult-sized bangaroos on my way to my mother's house on a holiday?  The answer was so simple had I paid close attention.  I can only speak for black people (cuz that'd be me).  It doesn't matter how affluent and educated your family has gotten.  There are times when you actively participate in some ghetto shit on a holiday.  For instance, why in the hell is aluminum foil so valuable on Thanksgiving?  Why does mama go nuts when nobody thought about the 'luminum foil?  On Thanksgiving, running out of a roll of 'lumnum foil is like running out of a roll of toilet paper.  Why??!!!  Cuz we don't buy shit with lids on 'em and that shit is ghetto.  What's wrong with the nicer pans that come with lids?  Is a fucking pot more expensive if it comes with a lid?  Help me here yall!  And why can't we buy fucking cookie sheets or turkey pots with LIDS?  Then we wouldn't have to worry about da 'loomnum foil cuz then we wont NEED it to put on top of the turkey!  We won't NEED it to bake biscuits on!!  My mother almost snapped my brother's neck cuz HE LEFF DA LOOMNUM FOIL.  Fuck the turkey and cranberry sauce....WE NEED DA LOOMNUM FOIL!   Okay so my brother has the worst case of A.D.D. (we all do but I ain't tawkin bout us) and he just kept gazing into the light in the hallway goin' "uh huh".  Didn't hear a fucking word she said so of course after he left, and later came back (without the loomnum foil), my mother almost busted a gasket and blew the roof off of the house.   Ranting and raving about how she's gonna transport the turkey (that was cooked ON THE GRILL OUTSIDE - pump your breaks!) over to our new Thanksgiving dinner location (changes every year, we volunteer some dummy in our family to host it), while my brother AGAIN, is gazing at the light.  Mom finally put a lid on the loomnum foil bit, no pun intended.   Meanwhile my sister is trying to figure out who's oven she's gonna use (ours is busy) to bake her BBQ wings.  So she's on the phone hollering, "But imma come over there in the mornin aight?  What time you wake up?"  This is madness.  I'm thinking I wanna go home right now.  I'm over here with my neice, trying to convince her to eat and she's throwing Club crackers at me for no damn reason.   Maybe to say " we got you again Big Stuff, another holiday ha ha ha ha ha ha" (evil laugh) They done set my ass up again.  Guess what I have to make?  Macaroni and cheese.  Has my family (seriously) ever seen me cook mac and cheese?  ME neither!  So basically my reason for being on the Internet now is because I have to find a soul food recipe for yes...macaroni and cheese.     Now I'm not saying there's anything wrong with chaos on holidays.  And I'm not saying that ghetto is all that bad.  But it's really funny though isn't it?  No matter how fabulous you and your family has gotten over the years.  No matter how far away from Africa and Martin Luther King you've gotten in this yoo ess of ay, holidays have a tendency to reel you back to the real.  Does that mean Oprah WInfrey still gets blown over loomnum foil, or the lack thereof?  Does Janet Jackson like grilled turkey cooked outside?  I'd say yes.  So my little ghetto relapse with my usually functional family is perfect.  I'm about to throw back a few Smirnoff Ice's with Hennessey chasers and kreginem with my hair dresser (and close family friend/play sister) and I'mma be at yall.  HTD to all the crazy motherfuckers who read what's on my mind.  I luh yall.  Gobble gobble and keep shit tight.