Today's Dedication     I don't care what folks may think, what kinds of image problems this man may have and how many metamorphisms he's had,  MICHAEL JACKSON IS THE SHIT!!!   That man not only gives to so many people, but he can still have grown people up out of their seats crying and dancing like his personal pips.  Anytime MJ can make big, grown, straight men party like wild animals on national TV, he's the  MAN .  He showed his entire ass last night on TV okay?  I haven't seen entertainment like that since Ike and Tina.  I bet cha erry black person in America was yelling "YOU BETTA DANCE MUHFUKKA!!" while they were partying like they had black lights in their living rooms.  I bet yall he had people's parents dancing like they were at their Daughters of Isis annual ball.  If you saw the concert last night and did not either dance, get an adrenaline rush or wanna cry, you need Prozac!  Did yall see him??!!  Michael Jackson can "git it" all day long.  I don't give a hell if he did tattoo his eyebrows on..lol  I will lay my shit on a platter for him..lol He rox!!!!  Did yall see him get all nasty and freaky last night?  OMG!!  When he literally fell out laughing at Chris Tucker's ass, I lost it!     Me and Officer Evermean couldn't even digest our dinner in peace cuz we kept trying to party in our PJ's while MJ got his man.   I tried so hard to compose myself but couldn't help doing his Beat It dance when he did that and when that fool busted out with Dancing Machine, I had a fit.  Or how bout when him and his brothers busted out with Can You Feel It?  I almost came-did all over myself man.  Michael Jackson can outdance anybody: Leroy from Fame, Janet, Madonna, Usher, Genuwine, Debbie Allen, all of 'em.  All I wanna know is three things....WHAT WAS TITO WEARING? (did yall see him stuggling wiff da guitar trying to dance?)  Two, WHY LIZA?  WHY?  And three, why was Marlon trying to upstage MJ?  His 15 minutes of fame are over mkay?  Who still wears mustard anyway?  Po' thang..lol  But anyway, yeh Michael is the KING OF POP.  He can slap my ass with that glove anyday...LMAO!