The Dish   Mkay, I decided to come back b/c Tini is getting on my nerves..lol.  What's happened?  How bout we start with  urlLink liquid exstacy. Red Bull and vodka was bad enough, but some fools started drinking it with Everclear instead.  The effects are unbelievable.  First of all, we had a pretty good crowd and Tini was pleased that all her friends came by (we missed you Persia!!!). Some folks stuck to the keg of beer (that we still have at home) and the brave dipped into the Everclear Lemonade and then later ventured over to the BULL.  That shit is crazy.  Personally, I had say 5 cocktails total, but I did mix most of them with the BULL.  When I say I felt like I wanted to jump up on the table and perculate my back out, I ain't lying.  I wanted to thow it down like  urlLink Boogie  on Soul Train yall.  You feel really drunk but you don't have the stupor; you feel like you're just a drunk person with a whole lot of energy.  Of course your inhibitions go out the window, I know from the way I got savagely "molested" in the middle of the party.  Officer Evermean took advantage of me and I aint run..lol     My sister's friend, we thought we were gonna have to clobber her 'cross da head cuz homegirl was out of control.  She could not stop dancing and partying man!  Most of the beer drinkers just watched as we made complete fools of ourselves.  My "house" sisters and I had a great time, nonetheless.  Thanks so much to Evermean and Magenta Martini for making Tini happy on Saturday.  Persia?  You were with us in spirit girl.  You know I freaked a couple of folks in your honor, plus I drank an extra BULL just for you sweet thang.  Man I wish she was there.  You talking about a pretty party girl?  MM MM MM.     So yeh, the party went on until after 2:30 and then we had to kick folks out.  As one guest is trying not to throw up, I'm telling errybody to get out cuz Tini and I were wasted.  Evermean, again, took advantage of my drunk ass.  Dayumed fool!      I also wanted to thank my  urlLink Georgia Girls , Twenki, and Big Reds for coming out.  And a special shout-out to Claude Hamercy and his bottom bitch for holdin' it down.