I hate this shit. I really do. HATE IT! I hate that I can't say no or do whatever it is I want. I'm tired of it really I am. Mkay..say it wiff me NNNOOOOOOOOOO! I can't do dat. I'd rather be nice and please muhfukkas and then I'm left with just the sides of my head. Holdin' 'em. Rockin' back and forth like Ms. Sofia's ass.    You know another thing?  urlLink Etta James  has this song called Prisoner of Love and I'm feeling the  urlLink words , but don't think that's what I am. I'mma dayum Love Junky! A freaking cracked out Love Junky. Not just addicted to Love, but I've reached junky status. I like Love and sometimes he makes me feel like I need his ass. BUT I'M THINKIN' I DON'T RIGHT NOW. Can't I just borrow him for a minute and den give his ass to somebody else? Fuckin' join a love exchange or something...   Love isn't so bad, but he's sneaky. Dat fool can't travel by himself. He gotta bring Fear's ass along to ride shotgun. I really can't stand his manipulating ass! Fear done tore shit up where I'm from. When you're extra vulnerable, Love will then bring his crew along (Fear, Guilt, and Strife). And if they're feeling extra saucy, they'll bring along their BOTTOM BITCH, Paranoia. She's a petty hoe. Paranoia...what a way to fuck somebody's day up.    Some days I think I'm rollin' wiff Paranoia, but actually begin to believe that everyone else is just boring. I'm not different..everyone else is.    BREAKING NEWS: Insecurity and Low Self-Esteem have been reported as Love's new accomplices. Officials said Paranoia told them that Love dont live there no more so now he's a fugitive. So does that mean I'm breaking the law if he stays with me?   I knew it! I knew it! Imma lock the doors and run! I'mma be like one of the  urlLink Sex Kittens from the 50's , "I'm Through With Love". Yeh..perch, gulp down martinis, and roll my eyes until I fall off the bar stool.     My roommate calls me the humpneck...Dawn Knots ..lol. She said I look like I have a small child on my back because I gots knots! DAMMIT JIM! Stress knots my back up, but imma be aight cuz I'm going to visit Walter, the back cracker. My appt. is on Wednesday. And I can't wait. You know they offer  urlLink Reiki Therapy . I'm scared to do that plus the Reiki chick is a nut. She wants me to get naked and that's not possible cuz she looks at me with fire in her eyes. Girlfriend be un fuego! And she calls me "dawling"..what da hell is that? Now I can see if she was an old diva, but she's my age! I ain't your fucking dawling.   My roommate spoils me. That's the joy of my evening...my roommie. We've been dawgs since 1983 and I decided to share an apt. with her. Why I do dat? She cooks, gives me back rubs, leaves me presents, and listens to me gripe, moan, and complain everyday. Now I'm a spoiled, unproductive, law-breaking citizen. Thanks Tini!!!   She got a hot plate for me now so mother must flee!