Halloween 2001   I am pleased to report that Halloween this year wasn't so bad.  There were some funny points, but to my knowledge, no serious violence.  The only crime was how hard I went last night man.  Me, Tini, and "Reds" went out for pizza night.  What made things so bad was first of all, all around the hood, THE KIDS DIDN'T HAVE ON COSTUMES.  They had on Fubu, bandanas, Timberlands and had the nerve to be toting candy bags.   Then to make matters worse, we left the pizza joint around 10 and the kids were still running around.     Pizza night turned into raw comedy, I swear.  Let's just say that BEFORE we got to the pizza place, we decided to stop in at the bakery.  Mkay..fuck the grocery store, we gonna cut right to the chase and go to the BAKERY.  The cakes in the display were flirting with us and we just couldn't say no.  I went on a one-woman hunt for strawberry shortcake only to find that they were sold out.  Tini chickened out at the last minute, and "Reds" said eff it, she gonna gitsumsweetz!  We're standing there confusing the hell out of the little Indian guy (3 big girls in a bakery would confuse you too - TMI TMI!!).  Then this guy comes in getting Halloween snacks for his kids and it all started.  Now we were in there making fun of ourselves, saying things like, "Girl you know this is a dayum shame the way we're slobbin on the display glass" and "Oooh! Look at the cheesecake!"  So homebody starts co-signing on our shit...lol.  Why did he look at the Indian dude like "eff dat" and say, "YALL GOT ANY OF THESE IN KING SIZE?!!"  We were so eff'd up, all we could do was laugh.  Either that or go to his body.  We came in peace so we just kee kee'd with him until we finally left.     So we finally go into the pizza place, take down an extra large pizza and chased it with salads.  What was wrong with us?  After sitting there for an hour and a half, we then moved on over to the 95-cent porno movie store.  Spent another half hour in there convincing ourselves that Black exploitation porn movies were funny.  Instead we just joaned on the bad weaves gracing the covers.  Hatoration indeed...lol  Well, there you have it...Halloween 2001...three bigunz..cake, pizza, and porn.  Why??!!!!!!