Sending Luv   There are a few folks I'd like to send love to today.  For one thing, they've been on my mind (cuz I worry so much) and secondly, I owe someone a HUGE public apology.     Let's start with my friend and fellow blog diva,  urlLink  CrazyTracy  .  If any of you have read her old blog entries and LOVED THEM just as I have, send her an  urlLink email  to let her know how funny and talented she is.  I personally would like to send love to her (all the way from DC) because I feel her.  Tracy!  Listen to me dammit!!!!  It's really okay!  It's really okay!  If I could hug you, I would.  Either that, or come to Florida and MAKE YOU SNAP OUT OF IT.  No seriously, Tracy...trust me on this one, you'll be able to look back in a few months and know that you can overcome anything.   Next up is  urlLink  Alissa  , heeeeeeeeey girl.  I just love her, man.  Whenever I feel "blah", I always read her blog.  She has an interesting way of telling her stories.  Not to mention the fact that she is an inspiration to me.  So young, so smart, so funny, yet...gifted (and doesn't even realize).  Hugs, Alissa.   Lastly, two women who are near and dear to my heart.  One,  Vida Verde , who has made me sooo proud of her.  Let's keep those demons bound up girl, k?  I love ya Ms. Vida.. I really do and I'm way glad that we're pals.  Number two would be, you know,  EVERMEAN .  As I stated the other day, major fuck-up with her (all my fault, but wont say what).  I really screwed up (no, I didn't cheat..ya bastards!..lol), but I did hurt her feelings a bit.  I've apologized an unbelievable number of times, but I still feel bad.  So I'm telling the world so yall can shame me for my wrongdoings.  Evermean, I'm sorry honey.  I really am.  So I'm sending my love to you right now because you know you're my sweet baby.  Love you honey!      Happy New Year to my blog readers (yall sillies), The House of Martini, and um..(who else)?  Oh!  Big Reds (wiff yo sexy self) and um er uh...OH!   urlLink Paki!   HNY Paki! Take your butt off your web site (I have bad dreams of hairy asses...lol)  And Tini..Tini..Tini.. these days I don't feel like you love me anymore, but I love you.  I do yung...lol