Dramatic Saga - The 2001 Recap   It's late.  I have insomnia.  I started thinking about this past year.  One question: What in the hell?  Take a look at this:  Really bad break-up - YES Friend wants to commit suicide  - YES Come out to the parents - YES Have an affair -YES Lose my job - YES Ex boyfriend professes his love (way too late) -YES Good friend dies -YES Break someone's heart -YES Have own heart broken - YES Almost died - YES  Approx. # of sleepless nights - 150 Approx. # of drug induced pass-outs - 100+ Approx. # of mental meltdowns - 3 Approx. # of times I cried - 50+ Approx. # of times friends cried on my shoulder - 25+ Approx. # of domesic "confrontations" - 15 Approx. # of family fights - 5 Approx. # of times flat broke - 10+  That's terribly bad.  How did I survive all that?  Almost didn't.  There's more...  End of year FAQ's:   What's the wildest thing you did this year?  - Went to a fetish party in full fetish gear, felt up and stalked two chix, hung out with them for the rest of the nite, and later found out  urlLink who they   urlLink really were  (sigh...lol)  What was your funniest moment?   -  urlLink this  (definitely)  What was was the worst fight?   - My sister and I on 9/11   What was the worst time of 2001 (not including 9/11)?  - I found out my ex-bf gonna be a daddy  What was the best time of 2001?   - January 18th - Evermean and I met (again...lol)  If you could redo something in 2001, what would it be?  - Making my ex-girlfriend cry and cry...and..........cry (wouldn't have done it)  What was your biggest accomplishment this year?  - Falling in love again (after 3 years)  What was the most embarrassing moments of 2001  - in bed "other woman", girlfriend shows up, running for cover (pants around ankles), heart beating fast, didn't get caught but was the victim of continuous teasing and laughter for months thereafter.  What was your saddest moment?  When a friend (and parent of one of my mentees) dies of cancer  What was your scariest moment?  When I accidentally poisoned myself (inhaled fumes/gas), didn't know, throat closed up, couldn't breath, in the emergency room, scared  Name one thing you're thankful for . - Not losing anyone close to me on 9/11 and Evermean...of course.  Speaking of Evermean, I cannot review my year without mentioning her.  She came to me when there was absolute chaos in not only my life, but hers too.  Without going into detail, I have to say that she's made my life complete.  Without her, I'd be on serious meds by now.  Without her love and trust, I'd forever be trapped in a jaded world, bitter and hateful.  Evermean's my friend.  Evermean's my confidant, Evermean is.....my everything (that sounded so Barry White..but i oun currr)  I love she!  With all that 2001 humdrum, I'd have to say that she made it all worth dealing with because we have each other.