The Big Hunt - ISO Big Shoulders   I haven't seen  urlLink Big Shoulders  all week.  I've gotta see her pre-Christmas outfit.  OH YES!  I've gotta see what she's gonna sport for the holidays.  I bet she'll look like a Yule Mule..LOL.  I wonder if she's wearing a snatchback wiff sparkles in it or if she's gonna hold on to that next year.  She needs a new look.  It may cost a grip to get her perm rebuffed, but that should be simple considering her wig is tight.  I have a dream today.  A dream of spreading good tidings on  urlLink Big Shoulders  behalf.  Do you think she'll be offended if I come to work tomorrow with Christmas bulbs hanging off my shoulders?  Would she get the hint?  I should've participated in the Secret Santa here and got  urlLink Big Shoulders  as my person.  That would've rocked!  I can see it now, me, in the mall, looking for gifts for  urlLink Big Shoulders .   Should I generate a Big Shoulders Christmas List?   How fun would that be?  What do you think she'd want/need for the holidays?  Lemme know and I'll put up a list tomorrow.     All I want for Christmas is a spy camera (so I can get a shot of the wilderbeast in action).  Oooooh that would be so cool. Then I can post it up for all to see and enjoy (w/blurred face for legal reasons..lol).   Oh I hope she isn't already gone for the holidays, I've just gotta see her before the end of the year.  What's my New Years resolution?  I will be nicer to Big Shoulders so maybe we can build a healthy friendship.  And then, I'll infultrate my taser and take her down, shoulders and all!  I can see it now (big lights)   urlLink BIG SHOULDERS GOES DOWN IN A BLAZE OF GLORY - and they carried her awaaaaaaaaaaaaaay  .  LMAO  That could be a new super drama...The S Files..LOL  Or she could be an evil sleuth on the Animaniacs..LOL  Stoppit Nona!  Stoppit!  Okay...(lol)  Help me put her Christmas list together...please oh fans o' mine!  (hugs)  Oh!  Here's a thought.  I could get her two Christmas hats wiff da balls on the ends so she can place them on her supersized, ionic shoulders.  That way when she goes shopping, she can smack little kids 'cross da head to move them outta her way.  The thought alone give me goosebumps.