Today's Dedication     Fuck dat!  I'm dedicating today to MC Hammer, dass right!  Here me out yall!  Don't pass judgement just yet..LOL.  Last night I watched the  urlLink MC Hammer Story on VH1 .  Not because I was bored, but I had to see this.  I sat there throughout the entire movie, stunned by some of the truths about Hammer that I really didn't know.  Like his connection to the Tupac murder (I had no idea he was dawgs wiff Tupac) and how he really went broke..blah blah blah.  Those parts of the movie were pretty interesting, I must admit.  But for the record, the movie was soooo poorly done.  From the bad 80's clothing to the awful hairstyles and accessories, it was just bad.  Whoever played Hammer HAD to take months of dance lessons to put it down like Hammer himself.  As for the production team....nice try guys, but the movie quality sucked.     Let's get back to the man.  How many of yall are with me on this?  There was a time in my life where I thought Hammer was the shit!  He was a dancing fool (to the point where I overlooked his bamafied image) and his dancers would make any video chix look like monkey shit right now.  Them bitches danced their asses off...I can't lie!  I remember back when  They Put Me In The Mix  first launched on The Box.  My sisters and I were absolutely STUNNED by this man who did these dances with all the perty women in the back.  Hammer didn't conform to the typical video hoes, mkay.  That fool made them chix dance!  Then he broke out wiff Too Big MC, B Angie B, and Oaktown 357.  Yall can't tell me that Hammer didn't have you for a minute awf da wantin' to dance with the videos.  I DID!!  Yes I did!  My fat ass would actually CALL The Box just to see the  Pump It  video where he introduced the Running Man.  YES, HAMMER INVENTED THAT...I KNOW FOR A FACT (cuz a bitch tried to replicate it and failed miserably).   I was a 20-something running man, B Angie B wannabe for a minute.  And remember Too Big MC would always yell, "BITE IT BITE IT!"?  Yall have to help me with today's dedication.  MC Hammer may have lost the Black community and petty shit like that (cuz he was a bonafied BAMMA), but keep it real yall.  That fool was the shit at one time.  Plus them genie pants made his "mista" look big...LMAO and he aint have no prollem pumpin' it!   Not to mention the fact that he gave money out like water and now he's taken it back to God.  Here's to HAMMA!   Show him some luv on my comments, maybe he'll read this stupid blog..lol  For all you fools who don't feel me on this, BITE IT!!!!