Going Mad   First of all, I'm having a pretty pissy day!  It started off okay, but now it's just bad.  I've listened to streaming Internet radio for the entire 6 months I've been at this cake job.  Now thanks to the firewall police, I can't listen anymore!  The only CD I have is  urlLink this one .  I love her, but I think imma go molest somebody or just start dry humping them in the lobby.  She's a little "to the left" yall.  I just like to hear her scream. That shit turns me on..LOL  Bjork is a major freak!  I slept on her for a while.  She says shit like  "it takes courage to enjoy it, the hardcore and the gentle, big time sensuality"  and  "come to me i'll take care of you protect you. calm down you're exhausted come lie down you don't have to explain i understand"   SEE?!!  I think I'd let her molest me.  I think, yeh...I would.     Another thing that's pissing me off today is Tini's job keeps sending me spam warnings.  For some reason they think that I'm a porn site email or something and they won't transfer any of the emails I write her.  Plus they keep WARNING me!  Fuck yall!   Fuck yall!  Nona Martini is not a porn queen (not publicly).  Fucking assnecks!  Now the worst of all, somehow I have these little reindeers running all over my screen and I can't get rid of them. You think Santa sent one of his little elf-gimps to fuck with me?  They've taken over my computer!  So I'm trying to type this shit out while I dodge these fucking reindeers sliding across my screen.  Move it you bastards!!  Move it!     On a happier note, I finally got another tongue barbell.  It's red lucite.  I had it out for over two months and was afraid my shit closed up.  It didn't!  And yesterday, I went to this  urlLink place  I was supposed to be shopping for others and I fucked around and bought myself a rack of shit.  I love gothic clothing, but not to the point where I look like a broke down goth chick. They have some evil shit though, which rox sometimes.  Not to mention the fact that 90% of my outfits are black.   LOL