Shake Dat Load Off   Tini, Big Reds and I are sitting here thinking about a few things.  I understand that I have a fan base over at The ABA (waving).  I wont say who told me, but hello girls.  I made pasta tonight and we figured we'd celebrate a day we usually spend together on Sundays.....Fat Girl Sunday.  See....we get so messed up on Saturday night, usually the hangover and/or tomfoolery has us so we can't function on Sunday.  We came up with a brilliant idea: the first person to get up and move about has to go get fun foods and cook!  Yesterday, we were supposed to do that plus go to a movie.  Didn't happen, here's why.  Well....Tini went to Magenta's house (and didnt tell nobody).   I went to the mall with my manipulating, cute-as-a-button nephew (forgot about FGS) and Big Reds....well.....she was a blown because we forgot and did our own thing.  So tonight we give you Fat Girl Monday, a makeup due to the MIAs on Sunday.     Now all three of us are drunk (imagine that) and full, talking about how we used to cry when we'd go see celebrities like  urlLink these bozos ,  urlLink this group , and  urlLink this nutball .  Why?  Does someone have a clue? We actually used to cry big crocodile tears over them!  We wanted to be freaky like Madonna and Prince, pretty like Sheila E. and Lisa Lisa (oh!  Lisa LISA!!!!) But when Grand Master Dee busted behind the wheels of steel, we lamented like deciples.  DECIPLES!!!! (warriors..come out and play--ee-yay!!!!) Where was I?  Oh..we used to cry like crazy.     Another question, why oh why were stirrup pants ever invented?  Do grown women really need elastic bands to keep their pants tucked?  C'mon folks!  If they bring those back, I'm not doin it.  No fucking way will I wear them shits.   (Nona's two sheets to the wind now - cupla beers) You ever wonder why past sexual partners look so bad sometimes?  To the point where you're like.."why oh why did I do it?".  Those are the ones who try extra hard to say "hey dere dere guuh! can i get yo' numba?"  GO AWAY!!! Please!!  Anyway, I got about 8 more beers to put on the wall.