Comfort No More   This is such a sad story.  Remember how it was butt assed cold in my apartment last week?  If that wasn't bad enough, my comforter just died on me.  See, I decided to wash my comforter of 5 years (it has sentimental value..shaddup) and all hell broke loose.  Why did I do it?  Why didn't I see the warning signs?  I put it in the washer AND the dryer and didn't even realize it was sick.  What happened?  All of the stuffing inside my comforter was pushed over to one end and the other end was empty.  I tried to shake the stuffing back to the center and flatten it out, but all I ended up with was a huge lump of stuffing and a shell.  My comforter died, right there in my arms.  Cold and damp, it died..right there in the laundry room.  Should I put it back in the dryer (maybe air fluff will help) or should I just lay it to rest?  No!  I took it upstairs because Evermean was sleepy.     Once upstairs, Evermean (half sleep) was laying on one side looking at me all moonily because she was glad I came back with, what she thought would be, a warm and toasty comforter.  Didn't happen.  I'm thinking that if I tell her, she'd understand or perhaps feel bad for me losing my best friend.  I didn't say anything.  I just spread it over my bed and tried to go to sleep.  Then suddenly, Evermean says "Baby...it aint no stuffing on this side!"  How embarrassed was I?  I thought for sure I put the empty side on my side of the bed.  I guess I was traumatized by the truth.  So now I've got Evermean laughing her ass off in my face because my comforter took it's last breath right there.  How would we sleep?  Should we just ignore the empty side and cuddle under the stuffin?  Or should I just freeze under the empty side and let Evermean have the stuffin?  I slept under the empty side, cold and disgusted while Evermean laughed herself to sleep.  I drifted off wondering if I should operate.  You know...open it's chest cavity and pull the stuffing back to my side.  Couldn't do it.  My allergies.  What am I going to have a sneezing fit with stuffing all over my chest?  Then let my fat cat kill himself awf da stuffin?  (sigh) No.  I gave Evermean the side with the stuffing.  Me?  I'm okay..thanks.  My night wasn't so bad (cuz we have heat now)  Bye sweet comforter.  I love you.  R.I.P.