Mental Breakdown - Holiday Shopping   Yesterday was a mess!  I went to take my 4-year old nephew shopping for  urlLink Eid  (sort of like Islamic Christmas).  He's being raised Suni Muslim and we don't give him gifts on December 25th, he gets them for Eid, which was yesterday.    Just the two of us, at the mall, plenty of time on our hands. Amir's obscessed with dinosaurs to the point where this little kid knows the names of the species and whether they eat people or plants.  So we walk around the mall in search of these creatures until "auntie" almost passed out.     I asked my sister what Amir needed so I could get that in addition to toys and fun stuff. Okay so she said PJ's.  Guess where I ended up?  In every dept. store in the mall in search of get this, DINOSAUR PJ'S.  The horror!!!!!!  I tried my hardest to convince Amir to get ones with doggies or trucks on them.  NO!  He wanted dinosaur PJs and that's final.  Just like Tayah, he's a manipulator who's the friggin cutest child in the world (I would say that).  But he's also a very good negotiator and his reasoning seems to make sense.  How could I say no at this point?  Meanwhile all the "mommies" are making faces at me because I have a child with me shopping for his stuff. Awf da,   "Doesn't he believe in Santa Claus?"  "You're ruining his Christmas surprise!"    I'm like, FUCK SANTA CLAUS!  This child is Muslim dammit! (trying to contain myself)  Of course, I get the extra ignorant ones who think my nephew is part of the Al Queda or Bin Laden sent him a fruit basket for Eid.  That shit burned me up!  It took everything in me not to slap the piss out of a lady in Macy's.  What?   A Black American child can't be raised Muslim?!  Is something so wrong with that?  Do you think he's trained to shoot at 2 years old lady?!!!  Oh God help me!  I was so annoyed that we ended up going to Discovery Zone (I bought $100 worth of dino products) and then off to dinner.  People's ignorance turns my stomach.  I can't bear to continue.