THE MORNING FROM HELL    I woke up this morning and couldn't find myself.  Why?  Because I couldn't open my friggin' eyes man!  My allergies have the best of me.   So after prying open my lids (once again), I take my shower and get dressed.  It was cold yesterday morning so I decided to wear my sweater duster over my outfit.  I went in my coat closet and low and behold, my fat assed evil cat has used my duster as a pillow!  By this time I'm thinking, "Should I freeze, or should I just clean the duster off".  I chose the latter.  Using utility tape and a lint remover, I start cleaning my duster.  A big cat hair ball flew up in my face and the hair stuck to my eyes and cheeks. I go and rinse my face off, grab my duster and as soon as I step foot in my room, fat ass is on my bed and had the nerve to meow me.  I swear if I could see, I would've roundhouse kicked that fat bastard and thrown him across the room.  So, late for work (as usual), I go to hail a cab.  Once I got into the cab, my eyes started to swell so bad and the cab driver (with foreign accent) wanted to discuss the WTC tragedy with me.  I'm like OH MY LAWD cuz I couldn't see this dude too well and didnt know where he was from or who's side he'd be on.      So I'm just sitting there all nervous hoping he'd be pro-American and praying he didn't think I was a nutball cuz my eyes were swollen and red.  He asks me about my eyes and I tell him it's allergies, but he insists that I had this (I told him I had a cat).  Said it was deadly with some folks.  I'm telling him that I've had cats for around 10 years and my eyes are swollen cuz of my allergies that I get every year (I didn't wanna argue with him, piss him off or anything).  Then he wants to talk about the Taliban and U.S. foreign policy.  I'm like "fool, I can't see who's set you representin' so I don't wanna talk about it".  I tried to catch a glimpse of him, but my eyes wouldn't let me.  So I reach in my bag for some of this.  And that's when I realized he was a "brother", said he was from Ghana.  WHEW!!!  I sure as hell didn't wanna piss off some anti-American with swoled up eyes.  How would I defend myself?  That would've been bad.  Very bad.