Prank Call   Okay, I'm already annoyed because my blood sugar is way way low.  I go out to buy myself something to eat before I hit the floor when my cell phone rings.  When I answer it, a young lady goes, "Hello, can I speak to Reds?"  So I'm like, "Huh?" She repeated it again and I'm thinking...no one calls me  Reds ..ever.  I tell her she has the wrong number and she's says okay, thanks.  If anyone knows me personally, you know that I don't trust anyone or anything like that.  So being the bitch that I am, I do a reverse search online to find out where this person was calling from.  Get this...  urlLink Linda Natoli Gymnastics Studio , that's where the phone number traced back to.  I smell a rat!  First of all, if it was a real business call, the person wouldn't ask for  Reds  and secondly, if it was a personal call (like someone who really knew me), they wouldn't refer to me as  Reds  AND they would've called me from their cell or personal phone, dontcha think?     So now, I'm trying to think back to all the fools I gave my cell phone number to (in the past 2 years) and if any of them have psycho, insecure girlfriends.  Like maybe she found my number somewhere awf da snooping.  Oh this could be bad..lol.  I give my cell number out all the time to folks I really don't want to have my home number.  Only my true friends have that one.  So my cell phone number could've been given to anyone...an ex-boyfriend/girlfriend, some cutie I wanted to call me, old college/high school buddies, or even some of my online chat pals.  The fact of the matter is, I don't appreciate this stupid shit.  For the record, if it involves my sweetie...TRUBBA TRUBBA TRUBBA, but I doubt that.  You wanna see a big bitch gone mad?  Fuck wiff my woman and involve me in some common shit.  Aw lawd...   Now that I think about it, I have an evil cousin that I happen to despise (long story).  Her daughter goes to that gym.  Bottom line, she knows I hate her guts!  Please don't let it be her!  I don't wanna go to jail before Christmas.  I'm looking for a reason to cuss her ass out and I've been waiting for over 4 years for it too.  I gots pinned up angst with her name on it.  Can yall say blood on my knuckles?  MM MM MM.  Whatever dawg, all I know is it fucks me up when bitches play on my phone, especially when it involves someone I've slept with.  And to think I'm still busting bitches chests when they find out their partners have slept with me.  (evil laugh).. that's too funny.