Baby It's Cold Outside   Our landlord decided that he wanted the heating system fixed, replaced, whatever. Let me ask a question.  Wasn't it so nice outside for the past two weeks?  I'm speaking for the mid-Atlantic states, of course.  So yall know that since Saturday, it's been cold as a bitch outside right?  My landlord decides to leave a note in our building saying that the heat will be turned off as of December 10th.  It's TOO DAYUMED COLD OUTSIDE DAMMIT! Why couldn't he do it while it was still 60-70 degrees outside?  What kind of sick maniac would wait until it gets cold?  Anyway, last night my both Evermean and Tini were sick.  I had a meeting (web design project) that went until after 10pm and then I had to go and check up on my two favorite folks.  Maaaaaaaaan when I went in the livingroom, both of them were laid out, sick as hell.  And I had an attitude because it was butt-assed cold in the apartment.   Unfortunately, my sweet baby had to go to work late last night.  Tini and I were left to freeze our asses off, literally.  Tini had enough so she went to bed.  Me?  I tried to stay up and watch a  urlLink movie , but didn't last long.  I had to get warm because I felt like I was outside on a grate, I was so cold.  So I tore my room apart trying to find those silly assed old Christmas gifts I got from my grandparents.  Yall know.....those extra fuzzy PJ's and socks.  It took me almost a half hour to dig through my boxes of clothes I hate to find two pairs of fuzzy PJ's just so my ass wouldn't freeze to death.  Finally, I found my outfit.....two PJ shirts, a sweatshirt, two pairs of PJ pants, and two pairs of socks!  I couldn't stand watching TV in the livingroom anymore so I retired to my bedroom which was extra cold.  Why did I turn the oven on to warm up my apt.?  How ghetto is that?   So I'm lying there with all that shit on, two comforters and two sheets, with my apt. smelling like old pizza and baked chicken.  Turns out, I went to bed PISSED off b/c I was cold and hungry (from smelling the oven fumes).  I'd never thought I would be living like Ned the Whino in my own home.  I woke up this morning sweating bullets because my body heat dayum near smothered me to death under all that shit!  If yall see me on the evening news, just know that I attempted to flog my landlord.  "NO ROGER, NO RERUN, NO RENT!!!!!"  LOL