Today's Dedication   I'd like to dedicate today to my optician.  I can't remember her name because I was all up in her face...lol but um...yeh..I gots to give it to homegirl today.  She is hot!!  Okay I had to go to the eye doctor yesterday because my contact lenses were on their last leg.  Fuck calcium deposits! These shits were so old, they were out of medicine.  So embarrassed and blind, I dragged my big ass to Americas Best to see if I could score me a few new pairs.  Once I get there, I had to tell the doctor the truth about how long I'd kept these blasted things in my orbs.  I filled out my papers, blinking profusely, and then proceeded to feel my way up to the counter. I'm thinking I'm near legally blind by now cuz a sista can't see shizznit!     I sat back down trying to think of a lie to tell this eye doctor about my contact lenses.  When I heard my name called I had to try and refocus my eyes because what was standing before me was a KNOCKOUT!  Chocolate brown, beautiful face and eyes, and her smile was a killer!  Not to mention she was smelling deeelisshus!!! I'll call her "Dr. Smell Good".   She escorted me back to the room while I'm sniffing and sneezing cuz my allergies were awf da hook last night.  So yeh by the time she got to me, I had two big red circles under both eyes and I couldn't see a friggin thing cuz I was awf da teary eyed madness.  Oh my life!!  She asked me some questions and after telling her most of the truth, she explained to me that I had to take better care of my eyes..blah blah blah (I'm gone yung...she's pretty)...womp womp womp and then BOOM...she turns around to get my paperwork.  I swear I didn't plan on staring at her ass, I swear.  But it was sticking out the back of her labcoat...that's not fair!!!  I get the chance of a lifetime!  A small room, pretty woman, fat ass, and A BITCH COULDN'T SEE!  Wuss wrong wiff diss picture??  We kee kee'd for another 10 minutes or so (some folks call that flirting) and then I put my new contacts in and rolled out.     I'm on the street and I cannot believe how beautiful the world is.  No more blurry nights!  Hurrah!  No more squinting to see if those are really my friends!   Yippee!  Thanks to Dr. Smell Good, I can see again!  I can even see people in the windows waving!  How bout I aint realize I was this fat?  I didn't notice the kredgies on the backs of my legs until last night....help me!  Anyway, I wont go there mkay?  Here's to Dr. Smell Good and her killer smile!!!!