Crazy Co-Workers   Listen!  I was thinking over the weekend.  Why is it that no matter how fucking crazy a person at work looks, WE STILL GO TO WORK?!  I mean practically every single job I've had, there has been at least ONE crazy person.  Yall don't hear me doe!  We read all the time about folks killing their co-workers, blah blah blah, but even though we hear of that sick and twisted shit, we still go to work with our office crazies!  Why is that?  Can anyone offer an answer maybe?   Take me for example.  One of my techno dwarves never talks or makes eye contact.  NEVER.  I've never heard this guy utter one blasted word to me or anyone else in here.  He could be a killer!  He could be writing out his plan right now!  But do I stay my ass home or look for another job?  NO!  At my last job, we had a plethora of crazies.  You know, the Yukon Jack, never shave their beards or take a bath type crazies.  The ones who DONT SWING THEIR ARMS when they walk.  Definite crazies!  Why do we continue to sit next to them or get in the elevator with them?  Would we believe it if they aired the joint out?  I don't know.  It's sort of like profiling I guess but still, some folks are strange beings.     Let me take a poll.  If you had to choose one of the following at-work profiles, which would you be (not gender based):    A.  The Gossip  - The human grapevine.  the one who knows everybody's business and makes it hers.  B.  The Corporate Slut - The office slut.  the one who wears too much cologne and tries to sleep with everyone at work.  C.   The Cheerleader  - The one who always volunteers for organizing bake sales, secret santa's, bday parties, etc.  D.   The Slacker  - The one who does just enough to get by or does nothing and never gets caught   E.   The Chicken  - The one who always wears his/her nightclub clothes to work (spiked heels, tight clothing, loud suits)  F.   The Overachiever  - Wants to be company president one day and everyone hates him because he does nothing wrong.  G.   The Wierdo  - Everyone avoids you.  No one talks to you.  People snicker behind your back and you don't think they understand you at all.  H.   The Snitch  - no need to describe this one.