The Big Shoulders Brigade - Pt. 2   So Bashful, our nice, quiet, increase-the-peace techno dwarf brought in his lunch the other day.   All he needed to do was warm it up in the new and improved microwave.  Suddenly, a few hours later, Private Pearl comes over and files a verbal complaint about him using the microwave and didn't pay the two dollars.  This bitch had the audacity to march, cut the corner, and give us serious attitude.  I'm thinking..I know her little fat ass went to Big Shoulders and snitched!   Is it just me, or is this absolutely insane?  Who is she, the fucking leftover police?  Got a sammich?  Run it by Private Pearl of the  urlLink Big Shoulder Brigade  first!  Must I use proper protocol to cook a bag of popcorn or will I be stoned to death for not paying the two bux in the first place?  Imagine that!  The horror!  The mayhem!  Nona and her techno dwarves murdered at work for warming up one of  urlLink these!       Being the obnoxious bitch that I am, I had to do something...something!  So my boss and I went outside for our usual recess and there she was, Private Pearl in the flesh, smoking a cig and rolling her eyes at me (she hates my guts).  So as I took a few drags on my own cig, I flicked my hair, gave the I'm too cute for words pose and stared at her the whole time.  See righ tnow, I can't justifiably beat her fucking ass or pull her wig back to the fat meat so I opted to mug and dare her to say something.  Then as we were coming back in the building, I let the door slam behind me right in her face.  I know she went and filed a report, "the light skin-did slut who's sleeping wiff her boss kept looking at me  urlLink Sgt. Shoulders ...do something!!!!" Now I'm patiently waiting for Big Shoulders to prance her ass around this corner and fuck with me.  Imma take her outside wiff magnets under my jacket so her chrome plated shoulder having ass can't run.  Imma git her doe, trust me.  As for Private Pearl, imma tape some loominum foil to the top of the microwave and try to SPARK UP an argument!  And it won't be over until  urlLink this  happens..gawddammit!!!