Precious Freedom      You know I got to thinking...we take freedom way too lightly over here in the Yoo Ess of Ay.  Tini and I were talking about current events last night and we both came up with something really interesting.  We as Americans take freedom for granted.  Now let me get a few things straight.  I'm not trying to be extra patriotic or find myself, nothing like that.  I just thought about how fortunate we are in the States.  Considering my profile, Black/female/bisexual (not to mention the other craziness), I'd be killed or ostracized in other countries.  Now when I mention freedom, I'm not just talking about what we Americans typically think.  Things like freed slaves, women voting, or gay marriages.  I'm speaking in terms of the simpler things like I can go anywhere I want and say whatever I want.  I can wear whatever pleases me, date whomever I choose, never get married if I don't want to (and have kids), spit on the sidewalk, talk shit online...practically anything!   That made me think about others who don't have the freedom we're entitled to.  Imagine not having that freedom to do or say whatever you want (while upholding the law, of course).  That would be very bad.     Sometimes it gets on my nerves to constantly see what Bush has planned for us with this whole Enduring Freedom thing.  Because depending on the day, enough is enough.  But for real, that shit is way serious.  Again, speaking for lots of my younger Black folks, when we think freedom most of us think about Martin Luther King or Roots or even Harriet Tubman but what we need to do is start thinking about NOW.  If Americans didn't have fthe reedom to do most of the shit we get away with, oh my goodness!  At first when people started with this proud to be an American, flag-waving stuff, I became annoyed a little bit.  But now I too am proud that I was born and raised during a time when my parents were confident with the fact that life for me, my generation, and beyond would include a sense of freedom that lots of generations before us never experienced.  Dammit I'm proud!  I'm glad that I don't have to hide and prey or even cover my head and body.  I'm glad that I can speak in public as a woman and love/date who I want for whatever reason.  The next time you think about how silly some of this patriotism is, think about where you'd be if you were born in another country (wont mention any).  Or think about if some dictator actually got away with controlling this country however he wanted and we had to obey or die.  I think then you'll feel what I'm saying.  Freedom is serious...pumkin!