Family Affairs   Lemme tell yall about Evermean's family.  FUNNY!  I thought my dad was funny, but Evermean's Uncle Busta is a fucking comedian and her cousins are the same.  As I stated earlier, we had dinner for SlimJim's graduation.  The Klumps ain't got nuffin on Uncle Busta and the kids.  OMG!!!  First of all, Uncle Busta spits out one-liners from his recliner chair like the grandma on Dinosaurs.  Every single one was FUNNY!!  SlimJim's sister told everyone that she kept having dreams about clothes.  Why did Uncle Busta shout out, "Dat mean yo' ass need to do laundry!!".  LOL!  Then she told us how she called Miss Cleo and has been talking to her regularly.  Uncle Busta shouts, "Yeh!  That hussy keeps calling here saying you owe her 132 dollars too!  I told her ass I oun know you!"  So I'm like, Miss Cleo?  She actually spoke to Miss Cleo.  Yes.  Turns out, she and Miss Cleo are pals now and they are on a first name basis..LOL.   SlimJim's sister referred to Miss Cleo as Joyce.  Awf da, "Yeh, Joyce is cool, but she oun know what the hell she tawkin' bout."  Yall shoulda seen my face.  I couldnt believe it.  Meanwhile Uncle Busta keeps yelling he think he got Da Amtracks (Anthrax) and he had prollems cuz his TB was actin up.  Um...aint shit wrong wiff Uncle Busta.  He's just wild like that.  But that's not the funniest.  Why did Uncle Busta tell us about their ghetto neighbors?  He said in the Summer, if they saw that Busta and Nem were cooking out, they'd bring over raw chicken and ask if they could grill it for 'em.  LMAO!!!   That's foul.  No pun intended.   Something was burning in the kitchen and SlimJim's mom asked if anybody smelled anything burning.  Why did Uncle Busta belt out, "Naw!  I don't smell nuffin.  I can't git pass my armpits!".  We fell out laughing.    Meanwhile, Evermean's grandmother is pimping the hell outta me.  I love her yall!  She's the cutest little German lady with a heavy accent. God she's the best!  She kept giving me the sad face everytime I sat down with a plate.  So all day, I was going back and forth trying to make sure she was okay.  That's my buddy.  She tell the best stories about Germany and constantly complains about how no one looks out for her.  I was the target this time.  Help out grandma.  Anytime!  I love she!!!!     I had a good time with them and I love Uncle Busta and Family.  One thing's for sure.  Evermean's family likes me and my family loves her.  We're on our way.  I hope...LOL