V., T., and The Captain   My weekend was wild.  Evermean and I hung out with our best friends: V, T, and The Captain.   On Friday, Evermean invited me to go to NJ with her to attend her cousin's graduation at Richard Stockton University (Congrats SlimJim!!).  I went.  The original plan was to go up there, celebrate for a while, and come right back that same night.  Didn't happen.  Not even close.  Let's begin with Thursday night.   Evermean was to spend the night as my house on Thursday eve. so we could get an early start on our trip to Jersey.  Sure, she came over.  That hussy was pissy drunk by the time she arrived.  Meanwhile, Magenta, Tini and I are having dinner, wondering what the hell was going on.  Yes.  Sheeza drunkun.  So all night Evermean's talking shit and "bojanglin" about how she's gonna kick someone's ass or see Magenta's firecrotch.  It was sad.  El Drunko had sailed with The Captain.....Captain Morgan.  Hadda 'bout two extra strong drinks while chuckin' it up with the "girls" at the strip club.  Note: Strip clubs and gay bars are famous for serving the strongest drinks.  Pretty much 75% alcohol.  She eventually passed out.  The Captain had her by the thoat.  No bullshit.     Friday, we head out to Jersey and (long story short) attend the graduation.  We met up with Evermean's family, had dinner, and then came time to go out Friday night.  SlimJim decided he wanted to party to celebrate his graduation.  No problem.  Only thing is, Evermean and I planned on going home, but couldn't let ol' SlimJim down so we stayed the night.  We decided to drive over to Philly to do the gay scene out there.  Um..one problem.  Evermean and I looked like two ol' church ladies cuz we were dressed up for the graduation.  Definitely NOT club clothes.  What did we do?  Evermean didn't give a shit. She looked cute anyway.  Me?  I took off my bra, pushed the girls up (had on a tight spandex top), took my blazer off and BEAT MY FACE.  So typical of femmes.  Before we left, Evermean and I had Vodka cocktails with her cousins.  Remember those?  Vodka and Red Bull?  Yes.  SlimJim was our driver, so Evermean and I chugged back like two 16 oz. cups of 75% Vodka and 25% Red Bull.  Yall know we were extra saucy by the time we got on the road.     Philly  Got there and did the gay district.  Our first stop, a  urlLink drag bar .  All imma say is one word: DRAG QUEENS.  Oh joy!  They're having a drag show.  We find a seat right in the front and watch the girls do their thang.  The MC was a fucking riot!  The other queens?  Um..... :-X.  We got our first drinks.  Evermean and The Captain (again) and I threw back two tequila shots.  Well really in one glass but we measured it out to be two whole shots.  Then I chased it with a Tequila Sunrise.  The show began.  Why did the MC put me on display?  Talked about my tits in front of all those people.  OMG!  Here I am, drunk and the drag queen got my mammories on display for all to see.  I didn't have on a bra and my "girls" were spilling over like crazy.  So I got this 6' tall drag queen with a pink afro wig and (get this), and micro mini velvet, sequin dress yelling, "Oh miss girl, how'd you do that?  Are they yours?" So embarrassed was I.  We found an escape and ended up at an after-hours, members-only club called   urlLink The 2-4 Club  .  This place was nuts.  They let us in cuz SlimJim was a member, plus he's soooo hot.  The club had nice bars, plenty of men (with tight shirts or barechested), and a fucking FUR LOUNGE.  Yes!  The walls, ceilings and bar were all covered in bright faux fur.  Here we go.  As you all know, gay chirren LOVE HOUSE MUSIC.  And it was on point that night.  I had another double shot of Tequila, Evermean sailed with The Captain (again), and SlimJim got wasted fucking with Ying Ling.  It was party time!  Me and SlimJim went and danced our asses off while Evermean tried to hold herself together on the couch.  Why did I almost fall on the floor?   See, I was full of energy (thanks to the Red Bull), and drunk off my ass.  Me and SlimJim were partying our backs out when this little bald boy grabbed my hand.  He wanted to do the Hustle.  Mkay....not a good idea.  I hustled my fat ass off until I went down.  Fell out.  Why did SlimJim and the "boy" have to catch me?  Meanwhile, all the other "boys" are yelling, "Work bitch!!".  Oh God.  It's time to go.  Like an hour later, we go back to rescue Evermean (pissy drunk) and head back to SlimJims place.  I was shitfaced.  Evermean was shitfaced.  SlimJim was.....um...driving.  Aw lawd.  We weren't even outside Philly before Evermean and I passed out in the car.  When we got back to SlimJim's house, I said to him, "We're so sorry for falling asleep on you."  He goes, "Don't worry about it.  I fell asleep a few times too!"  LOL!  That's all we could do.     We go back to SlimJim's parent's house to have lunch and laugh ourselves to death at his dad's antics.  Then Evermean and I head back to her house.  We got there at about 11:00 Saturday night and tried to figure out whether we wanted to go out or just stay in.  Um...we stayed in.  Me, her, and a whole bottle of Finlandia Vodka.  Again, we got hammered, just us two.  We were both drunk (again) and tried to be all "romantical" with each other.  Yeh..sure.  All imma say is this.  Yesterday morning, I woke up faced down, with a T-shirt on my head (looking like a broke down nun), and we were naked awf da, "What had happened?".  LOL.  We still don't know.  The evidence in the kitchen proved that we definitely drank a lot Vodka.  And did some other unmentionable things.     So there you have it.  V (Vodka), T (Tequila), and The Captain had our asses on lock!  That's what we get.