WICKY WICKY WICKY WICKY...D-D-DANG D-DANG!!!     I'm listening to Internet radio, the Old Skool Station, and low 'n behold they are playing JAM ON IT by Newcleus!!!  I'm sitting here with my Techno Dwarves partying like a raggedy-headed fool.  Yall should see me cabbage patching and writing code.  I can't just bob my head off of this!  I gots ta party!  Woo thank goodness for those flexible office chairs with the wheels cuz a sista is DOWN BY LAW in here gettin my swivel on up in heeya.  Man I fucks wiff them!  Newcleus!  Cosmo Dee, yeh baby dats me(da one wiff da ex-ray eyes and the supa breath)!  I'm having a funk attack over here.  Who want some?  J--J-J-Jam Own It!!!!!     Maaaan when this song came out, I was the lil ghetto princess of the kiddie cabarets.  Remember those?  You always have a fat aunt who loves bingo and is pressed to enter her little ghetto neices and nephews in the kiddie cabarets.  I remember my aunt used to put me in some extra crisp jeans with the ruffled collar shirt and some dayum rasberry Buster Brown Mary Janes.  I felt CLEEEEAAAAAAN.  They were always held in a school gym or somebody's church's basement.  So we'd be in the car on our way to the KC and my aunt would coach me awf da "dont be scared okay? start actin up heeya?!!! you could win real money".  So I'd sit there in the car thinking of all the funky dances I was gonna do.  You know get my strategy together like I was on Survivor or something.  I aint wanna stick with anything too popular so I would ad a donkey kick or a spin on my back and grit on the haters.  I took ballet as a kid so I already had an advantage and thought I was cute.  By the time we got there, I'd have my plan.  Hit the buffet, roll my eyes at the haters, tuck my candy bag under my arm and HIT IT!  Yall don't know, I used to reign supreme at the KC jonts!  Buster Brown aint never let me down!   Chile my aunt would be so proud of my winning.  She would pick up my little bow-rettes behind me like dem fools do for strippers (pickin up dollas)...LMAO!!!