Cupla Thangs   As you can see, we hadda little pah-tee last night here at my house.  Big Reds and I hadn't spoken in weeks (cuz I was on the DL..lol).  She came by to check up on me and we all decided to "party" a little bit..lol.  She saw I had a web cam so guess what happened?  LOL  We had nothing better to do (after getting KRUNK) than to take silly pictures together.  Plus she gotta new hairdo which I happen to love.  Reds is so cute, man.  I luh her.  So yeh, we hung out until Tini and I went grocery shopping.  Tini's feeding my big ass..lol  Thanks Big Reds for stopping by.  I had miss-ded you guh!  Mwah!   I never got to share how my weeked was.  One word: TAYAH.  I had her little attidudy ass on Friday and Saturday.  It was Evermean's idea (as usual) to have a girls night over her house.  We picked up Evermean's two little sisters and then Tayah.  Ain't shit change.  I'm still left up at the wee hours of the night trying to con Tayah's ass into going to sleep while Evermean is snoring happily.  This time we had a video camera, which was a riot.  I think Tayah is going to be the next Mariah Carey.....beautiful, sexy, attention-starved, and an insomniac..LOL.  She danced (threw bows) and played her little instruments in front of the camera like it was old hat.  Then got an attitude cuz she aint feel like being filmed no mo.  Awf da, "I'm tired, please no more cameras!"  Lemme remind you.  This child is two years old!  Yes!  She's only been on this planet for two years and you'd think she'd been here before.  She can count up to twenty, knows her shapes, colors, and is an expert at G-A-M-E.  She ran game on me the entire weekend.  To the point where I had a beef with her by the time she left.  How bout I rolled my eyes and sucked my teeth as she muttered, "Gimmie a pound....gimmie a hug".  She's so cute that you can't stay mad at her.  So I gave her little high yella ass a pound and a hug and slammed the car door awf da, "Bye Li'l Magic"..LOL  Friggin butthead.     The rest of the weekend consisted of SLEEP.  While Evermean was at work, I slept and watched MTV all day.  What's up with MTV?  They have an interesting way of sucking you into the TV for hours.  Everything from Dismissed to Cribs to How To Live Like a Pop Star.  As if I cared how much ice Jay-Z has.  As if I give a fuck about Li'l Bow Wow's money.  Like I care about how many flat screen TV's Nelly has.  I sat there.  MTV had me for prolly like 8 hours straight.  There goes my life.  LOL