Blurry   That's how the past couple of days have been.  Let's see:  sleep job search cuddle time sleep MTV sleep  I think I'll slit my wrists if I have to continue to watch Behind the Music and The E! True Hollywood Stories.  I swear to beans, it doesn't matter who these shows are about, I'll watch that dumb shit!  They have a way of making it really interesting.  You know when a fool like me watches the story about  urlLink this person's  life, I gots prollems.  What the hell do I care about her and Burt Reynold's estranged love affair?  That day it was way interesting and I'm thinking I have a serious problem.     Still no job.  A couple of leads, but no friggin gig yet.  You can't get a job these days without having a TS Clearance and I thought I had it made.  I tried unsuccessfully to get my security information from DOJ.  They bite!  Apparently, I never had a secret clearance.  What the fuck??!  You mean to tell me they did a 10-year background check AND sent an investigator to all my schools and places of residence, but they still claim it's not a secret clearance?  What else would they need?  Fucking blood samples?  They done got my credit history, fingerprints and urine.  Jesus Christ!  What else do I have to give?  "Yeh, you can take my momma cuz I'm pressed for a job"  lol... So turns out, I'm still Evermean's bitch full-time.  Currently, I'm doing sexual favors for money.  Who'da thunk?  She's way happy though.  I think she's got this sick fantasy of me being barefoot and pregnant and she'll just give me an allowance.  I love her...YES YES I DO, but um....yall dont know.  I'd rather strip at a truck stop in the middle of Boise, Idaho, mkay?  I can't do that to my honey.  She's got her career, she's young, and the last thing she needs is my dead weight..lol.  Nah, shawteh...not me.     On the up side, I've had some pretty incredible sex..(i aint sposed to say dat) and my parents got my back for a while.  Yippee!  Back on the parents....perfect.  Not to mention the fact that I've been drunk about 60% of the time, including the night before last when I got blasted with my ex-boss/techno-dwarf.  He misses me so he says, but that fool aint got the power to get us our contracts back.  Enuff of this whining shit.  Imma surviva.  Plus I've discovered  urlLink Twista .  His shit rox. His song Prey For Me is the shizznit:    I 'm living the street life and I just cant get away I dont know if I'ma gonna make it to another day so everynight I pray oh I pray