An Apology and An Update   I've gotten a couple of emails from a few of my nutball readers (waving..lol) about the  what-had-happened-wuz  with my blog.  Well truth be told, my frigging real life has been a real pill this past week and I'm sorry for not being online lately.  It all started when I went to the Unemployment Office last Tuesday....   Blue Tuesday - The Day From Hell  I went to the Unemployment Office in soufeese (SE, DC) this morning.  The day sucked butthole chunks and I should've known it was gonna be a long ride after I got up on the wrong effing side of the bed.  I refused to take the train to the hood, so my dad volunteered to drop me off.  Lawd why!  Unemployment offices are life's way of traumatizing you so bad that you'll never ever come back and beg again.  First of all, Mayor Williams decided to get the bright idea to CLOSE ALL THE OTHER NORMAL UNEMPLOYMENT OFFICE LOCATIONS.  So everyone in DC is forced to go to the hood to file a claim.  I can take that.  I can handle the hood right?  Soufeese aint that bad, right?  WRONG!  That's the land that time forgot overthere man, I swear.  It was bad enough the U.O. was sponsored by CVS, but they aint have to be petty and have some dumb assed unknown preacher on video talking about "You only have a limited amount of talent, use it wisely".  What da?  I feel like I wanna fall out in the floor and cry.  I don't belong here yall.  Everyone in here is disfunctional and those who aren't are just as freaked out as I am.  Oh and the employment counselors should all be burned at the stake.  Those chix with the tight buns and nasal voices make me wanna puke.  Long story short, I file my claim (miserably) and call my dad to pick me up before ONE MORE person asks if I have an extra cigarette.  He finally shows up and drops me off at the subway station (I chose to take the train back home).  I was on the Train of Death and didn't know it.    I'm sitting there minding my own business when a fight breaks out.  To top off the entertainment, one of the dudes had a weapon (click click boom) under his sweatshirt and didn't give a fuck about the reaction from the other passengers on the train (Metro's green line from Anacostia..need I say more?).  Again, long story short....they took this fool down like one of Bin Laden's boys!  Yall dont here me doe!  Four guys jumped on him and held him on the floor until we got to the next stop (cuz when the fight broke out, we were in the tunnel).  We get the the station, no police.  No one even knew what was going on.  Me?  I ran wiff da white women.  Fuck that shit.  I can handle being around a few chicks wildin' out in public and maybe even a good old fashioned ass whipping.  But when a gun is involved....EFF DAT!  I tried to call my dad but his cell network was down.  I call Evermean and she freaks out and demands that I get my ass over to her house pronto.  So I end up at her house from Tuesday until Saturday afternoon.  Friday - My cousin had a birthday party at Jillian's.  Evermean, my sister, my cousin, a few other gay chirren, and I go to hang out.  We get there and drinks are coming from every direction (my cousin works there).  We get completely shitfaced.  So bad that I decide to play Crouching Tiger in the parking lot.  I took one of the little construction poles out of the ground and started shadow sword fighting like my name was Jet Li or some shit.  Why?  Because my sister's date was getting on my nerves (with his new BMW and snooty attitude), so I had to let him know I wasn't to be eff'd wit..lol.  Nah, I did it to be a complete ass.   Anyway, so we leave, four of us pissy drunk and Evermean driving (not yet drunk).  We end up at her house.  Drunk, I fell between the bed and the wall wiff no pants on.  Evermean tried to help by pull me by my feet when my ass ends up getting caught on the corner of the bed frame.  Guess what?  Evermean keeps pulling me as I'm screaming, "Let' me go, I'm aight!!" and the bed frame cuts right into my buttcheek.  So now I got three big assed cuts down the center of my asscheek! FUCK!  It literally looks like either Freddy Krueger fucked me up or I got clawed by a chicken foot.  So eventually I pass out while Evermean is rubbing Neosporin on my ass.  Saturday - Hungover, I go visit my parents.  Mom's sick.  I get together with my sister to figure out if we need to take her to the hospital b/c she had a hard time breathing (asthma).  We end up in the ER for 4 hours.  Eventually, she's okay and we take her back home.  After all that settled down, we decide to have a party..guess where?  MY HOUSE.  Me and the drunken four go to my place.  All I'll say is Smirnoff and Red Bull.  Evermean shows up later, as does Tini and all six of us get hammered.  ALL SIX.  This time we videotaped it.  I can't even explain the halarity.  It's too much, pumpkin.   Today (Sunday) - We all get up hungover and hungry.  Tini cooks a huge breakfast and we watched the video and other funny while-twisted videos we've made.  I finally installed my DSL and web cam and Tini and I goof off with it for hours.  Now I'm waiting for the wife to come and put more Neosporin on my sweet bun.  Holla... :-)