The Last One Standing   That would be me.  Considering it's 4 am, the aftermath of this weekend, and I am up typing on this blog.  This past weekend was something that neither Tini nor I saw coming.  THE ATTACK OF THE CRAZY PEOPLE.   As you know, I was depressed for the past few days, so I decided to go out to the club with my cousin,  urlLink Kiva .  I should've known right then, things were going to get interesting.  That's what I get for staying in the house for such a long stretch before this weekend.  We went to a local club to celebrate a friend's birthday at a chick party on Saturday night.  Before then, we got BLASTED (in the car noless) and then tried to survive inside the club without passing out.  Didn't happen.  First of all, Kiva tried everything in her power to stay awake (she was nodding in the corner we were sitting in).  And secondly, I saw one of my arch enemies.  I'm thinking.  Should I slap the hell out of her right here and now?  This is a nice club, decent people, nice vibe, but should I fuck it up for everyone and start a fight?  Oh God!  I've been waiting for months to run into this "cree"py individual, but should I punch her?  Okay, she was sitting right next to us and I know she knew who I was cuz the bitch wouldn't make eye contact with me.  I told Kiva that I hated this bitch and I wanted so badly for her to give me a reason to slap her (i.e. rolled her eyes, suck her teeth).  She just kept sitting there with her back to me and that silly assed smile on her face (that I hate so much).  Anyway, I left her alone (this time) and kept drinking double Kamikaze's with Kiva.     My sister rings my cell.  She wanted to know what I was doing that night because she had an entourage of stoners and drunks and wanted to find a party.  What did I do?  I told her to meet us at the club.  When she got there, the doorman informed us that they weren't allowing men in so Kiva and I decided to bounce with my sister and friends.  All 7 of us go back to my house right up the street to have our own party since the boys couldn't get in.  Let me put it to you this way, things took an interesting turn once we got there.  We PARTIED! Literally up until about 11 hours ago, when I put those fools out!   Saturday night.  It's 1 am.  We're all at my house.  Tini's in bed sleep (drunk).   What do we do? First, we woke Tini's drunk ass up.  Then we consumed yet more alcohol and other happy substances, laughed, snacked, danced until we lost our first victim.  Kiva, who was passed out at the table.  She couldn't take anymore and ended up going home at about 3:30am.  The rest of us....I don't know where to begin.     My cousin and another unmentioned family member were on E.  (big sigh)  That was interesting. The rest of us were on booze and um...well..you know.  We sat there and drank and partied until finally (at 5:30 am) I found myself putting together makeshift beds.  I had 6 people passed out all over my apt.  Meanwhile, Tini is passed out (again) in her bed.  Where did I sleep?  With Tini!..LOL  I had no choice considering I had 2 drunkards in my bed and 2 others in our spare room.  We all woke up yesterday afternoon at around 1, awf da "Where I'm iz?" If the night before wasn't bad enough, the next day was way worse. We continued to party until about 8 pm last night.  Why?  Because we're disfunctional, wierd people!  Tini and I didn't ask for all this, man!     After everyone's dressed we needed a plan.  Since everyone's hungry, I bring up the idea of going to Drag Brunch.  Yes!  Right down the street there's a place where Mimosas and Bloody Mary's are 2 bux, brunch is 10 bux, and the drag queens are already drunk (performing) when you get there.  Yippee!  Okay, the men who were with us were STRAIGHT (they didn't see it coming)...LOL.  We go to Drag Brunch and the fairy godmother of debauchery was waiting at the door for us.  Here's the short version.  We sat there drinking and tipping drag queens until well after 3 pm.  All drunk, we decide to make complete asses of ourselves by being loud, laughing and partying at our tables.  Yall know drag queens love drama right?  Guess where they ended up after brunch was over?  AT OUR TABLE.  So the "hostess" buys us 2 rounds of cocktails on the house.  Why did she do that?  We already drank up half the Mimosas and Hennessey, and now we're doing Tequila shots.  Perfect.  (sigh).  We got so bad that we ended up taking one of the drag queens home and continued to have part two of  Party at Tini and Nona's .  Back at the ranch, I think we tried to kill ourselves.  It's not even 5 pm and we're all completely shitfaced.  Let's see.  We play an adult version of Truth of Dare that ended up turning into ALL DARE.  The consequences for not following thru with the dare were to guzzle to cans of Bud without stopping.  WARNING: DON'T EVER PLAY DARE WITH DRUNKS AND A DRAG QUEEN.  It's a lose-lose game.  Everything happened.  Body parts exposed, lap dances, people were tongue kissing each other, OH GOD, and performing sexual acts.  After that, we played "Who wants To Be a Stripper".  If you can imagine a drag queen stripping, you're with me..lol.  Game over.  People start to disappear.  My sister and "friend" are in my bed doing who knows what.  My cousin has fallen in love with Ms. Raquel (drag queen).  The other folks were in the front room watching bad porn.  And Tini and I are sitting at the table going, "How in the hell did this happen?  No one will believe us!"..LOL  We're trying to figure out a good way to put these fools out and things aren't going too well.  I can't get my sister out of my room, my cousin is sitting there with a blank face cuz Ms. Raquel done turned him out (oh good lord, the boy is straight), and finally I'd had enough.  We threw those fools out at 6:30 last night. Meanwhile, I'm fucked up out of my head, Tini's barely standing, and I'm throwing out a crew of drunk folks and the drag queen.     All I remember after that is cleaning up all the beer cans, bottles, and *#@%!.  I got in my bed and it all went blank.  I guess I passed out because when I woke up a few minutes ago, I still had on my shoes and my television was watching me.  Great.  My first official pass-out of 2002.  I have Tini, Ms. Raquel, my sister, and Kiva to thank for that.