Today's Dedication     I'm dedicating today to Ms. Gloria.  I'm sitting here and my day didn't suck too bad.  Still standing in the soup line.  Being unemployed is so BAD.  You're stuck out here with a bunch of misfits while the functional, productive adults are WORKING.  Yall know em well - the money order buying, minivan driving (on their way to a basket weaving class), KENO addicted, liquor store leaning maniacs.  Why am I stuck here all day with them?  Malls, gas stations, banks, grocery stores are riddled with them!  Am I one of them?  Will I become one eventually?  Lawd God no!  I see why people freak the hell out.  And then at 5:30 when the NORMAL ADULTS come home, you feel like a turd.  A real turd.  I mean, yeh you are my dawg, I luh you and stuff, but um..theis whole telling me how the day at work was, isn't refreshing, pumpkin.  I remember when and errything.  When MY ASS HAD A JOB, that was cute.  But right now, it's a bit too much.  I need a minute.  Thanks (kiss kiss).  I'm here all day clawing at the pits of society with the rest of the rejects, and you wanna share.  Um.. no.  In other news, I saw a few cool job ads today.  As you know, I sent my resume.  Why did we choose the word REH-ZOO-MAY as the name for the paper that gets you a job.  "Uh yes, here's my REH-ZOO-MAY!"  What da fuck is that?!  Is it like TAR-ZJAY(Target) or CLEE-SHAY(cliche)?  C'mon folks!  That's such a false sense of fabulousness, don't you know?  I don't want these fools to know I'm fabulous (w/good phonic skills) - "Here's my REH-ZOO-MAY" (whatever)  I need the job, mkay?  Here's my employment profile, with my personal contact information, call me if ya interested.  Dass it!  Friggin, REH-ZOO-MAY.  Ugh!     Was I not talking about Gloria?  I completely forgot about her, silly me.  I dedicate today to her because I feel like I need to stop this sulking.  Get over it all.  Really, get over it.  Imma be aight.   I remember when Gloria had her terrible accident.  They thought she couldn't walk. [enter drama here].  We all know what happened.  Anyway, I gotta thinkin' about her song,  Coming Out of the Dark .  Made me think.  Yep.  When she (or whoever) wrote those words, they probably felt like shit right before they inked the paper.  But the final blessings were the lyrics.  I'm feelin' that.  Really I am.  And because I started thinking about that song tonight, I dedicated today to Gloria.  Thanks Mami.  (shaddup, imma sap)