El Sicko   I've been bitch lately and I don't really know why.  At first I thought it was the end of the year blues mixed with a little PMS, blah blah blah.  I still don't know what the hell is wrong with me.  Anyway, I was mean to everyone...Tini, Magenta, and Evermean.  For no dayumed reason, I've been extra dry and mean.  Not usually my demeanor, but at the time I didn't care.  The other night, Evermean asked me to come visit her.  In my dry, evil voice I told her I wanted to just stay home.  I knew she was blown, and I didn't really put forth the effort to apologize or anything, I was just foul.  So I started thinking.  She doesn't deserve this, I should go see her anyway, how am I going to motivate myself?  Guess what I did?     It's already midnight, about 25 degrees outside, I get twisted, put on a bra, a thong, boots, and a trenchcoat, leave my house on the way to see Evermean.  I figured that one, I had to motivate myself, and two, I had to make it up to Evermean.  Well folks...I caught the subway (half nekkid) all the way to Evermean's.  She was working so she had to scoop me up in her squad car (not knowing I had no clothes on).  Giggling on the inside (and freezing on the outside..lol), I rode with her to her apt.  Once inside, I looked at her all evil and sneaky and pulled my coat off.  If yall could've seen her eyes!  LOL.  At first she was pleasantly surprised, BUT THEN, she went in full cop mode.  She started screaming at me about how dangerous it was and how many crazy fools are out..yadda..yadda..yadda.  My thing is, yes, I understand the risk involved, but it wasn't like I had a sign on my head that read, "I'm naked and feeling freaky yall!"  So you know we argued after that cuz she was pissed.  After threatening to choke me, she finally admitted that it was a pleasant surprise..lol.  Ha!  I knew it!  She liked it!..LOL     Turns out I got a bad cold afterwards.  I didn't go anywhere for New Years cuz a bitch had a chest cold.  That's what I get for being a whore in the freezing cold..LOL  Was it worth it?  YA DAMNED SKIPPY!  I'd do it again!  Evermean might catch a charge for killing me, but I'd do it again in a heartbeat.  Can yall see it?  Nona streaks again!  Evermean snaps her neck.  We got a 4.0.9. in progress..LMAO.