Hooray!   I finally got my wig tuned up yall.  Can I git uh YAY-MEN?!!!  After six hours of sitting, my twists were done.  I got a new type of hur this time.  Too many brawds got the other twisties I had before.  The spiral jonts can be spotted in any hood near you..lol.  So my hairdresser did it a little differently.....dred-type twists, without the spirals.  It's cute, but yall know how braids/twists are when you first get them done.  TIGHT AND STIFF.  Imma wait a few days for them to drop down and soften up a little bit.  I'm just glad I finally exorcized that bush.  I thought I was gonna hafta git my fava to rebuke it.  It was awf da meat rack man.  When black girls are "between styles" (like we like to say), shit is bad. It's like you're part of this underground society of bamma chicks.  Shit ain't no fun.  It totally ruins one's self-esteem/game.  How am I gon' represent wiffa bush?  A thin one at dat?  It's a lose/lose situation.  Thank goodness headwraps are still in.  Cuz I'da been set the fuck up.     One thing about the DC urea..lol  Once you reach bamma status, you thoo!  I've lived 32 years wiffout ever being called a bamma.   Chicks become a bit paranoid about that label so we DC urea folks try to stay on top of the fashion game.  Call me a skank, crackhead, common-assed bitch, BUT DON'T CALL ME A BAMMA..LOL.  That's how serious that shit is.  For men, it's worse.  Bamma n**gas...no hope for 'em.  Bamma n**gas get no luv in DC...trust me!  That's one benefit of being raised in the hood (NOT WIFFA HOODRAT MENTALITY...I might add).  You are on the front lines of style/fashion (most of the time).  Broke brawds can dress.  So what if it comes from Rave or Deb..lol.  If you're good at the shit, nobody will know where you got yo' shit from.  I've never been a Prada bitch (sorry yall).  If it's cute, I'll buy it.  I oun care if it costs 100 bux or 16.99.  As long as you don't buy a whole camoflauge outfit from RAVE or a whole denim skirt outfit (jacket, pockybook, and boots to match) from Rainbow...usually, you aight..LOL.  I'll be the first bitch to rock a Rainbow shirt.  But you wont catch me dead in dem scratchy assed thongs they sell..LMAO.  If I see something in Nordstrom or that I really like (and think it's worth paying 100 bux for cheap assed stretch material), I'll buy dat too.     But yah, a big girl done got her do done.  Phew.  I was getting nervous for a minute.