Family Affair   Monday night, my  urlLink sister  had to perform at a talent showcase at  urlLink Daedalus .  This was her first time actually being seriously considered for a (I won't say record deal) I guess...serious offer by music-industry scouts..blah blah blah.  Because of the seriousness of this event, my parents came to see her along with my other sister, my brother, my aunt, Evermean, and a few of the folks from our hood.  This was a night I'll never forget.  I wanted to die right there.   First of all, this was a free event for invite-only family and friends.  I've never been to Daedalus before so Evermean and I didn't know what to expect at all.  We get there and THIS PLACE IS A HOLE!  It's so freakin' small inside.  One bar, about four futons (all occupied) and a fairly big dancefloor with these platform-like "seats" against a mirrored wall.  I had on a pair of 4" spiked, high heeled boots so yall know I wasn't for standing up all night and becuz my hair is wrecked, I wore a  urlLink kabushka  on my head.  There was another section off to the side with nice plush chairs and tables so after ordering our drinks, Evermean and I went over there to grab a spot.  WHY WAS IT VIP?  You mean to tell me this tight assed box they call a nightclub had the audacity to have a VIP section?  C'mon man!!!  Finally, Evermean could take no more, so she paced around the entire club looking for "management" to see if we could sit on the platforms along side the dancefloor.  After almost 20 minutes of hearing, "I oun know...ask him", Evermean got someone with real authority cuz she be da poleece..lol.  We sat there and just looked around talkin bout folks (our usual).  Later on, my parents walk in.  OH NO!  NOT THE MINISTER AND HIS WIFE...PLEASE NO!!  I'm sitting there puffing on a cigarette and throwing back a vodka cocktail and my folks walk in.  This is gonna be good.  There weren't alone.  Why was my aunt with them?  Why did she have on an old school, elastic waist, multicolored/textured parka (from the 80's) and her hair was in a bun.  As in FRENCH ROLL.  Yall know the club scene?   Your typical black clad folks trying to look important or what they call "trendy".  And there are my folks. And my aunt giving 1982 Morton's stadium jacket and shit...lawd hamercy.   Mom's in a floor length wool coat (buttoned up to the neck) and dad (thank God), had on a black suit, rockin' his blinged out red cruxifix on a long chain.  My other sister and her two mobsters show up and the show begins.  Note: My mom has asthma and anything can trigger a major attack, like SMOKE.  UM. YOU'RE IN A CLUB MAMA!!  (sigh)  So she goes outside with aunt until my sister's turn comes up. I was told to ring her cell when it was time for her to come back in.   I went backstage to wish my sister well.  She looked sooooo cute yall.  Got her hair done in a really cute braided/thugged out style and her outfit was sponsored by somebody....but it was cute as hell.  To top it off, she had on black spiked boots (like I taught her) and her makeup was pretty.  There was one person to go onstage before her.  A gospel singer dude.  Perfect timing for my dad.  Why during the whole song, my father was hollering, "AY-MEN!  PRAISE HIM!"  In the club (I'm still sippin on sizzurp and shit and daddy havin' church).  By this time, Evermean was mute.  LOL My sister is introduced, I call mom and when I witnessed that woman steppin into the club, I could've passed out right there..drink and all.   My mother rolled up in there wiffa paper surgical mask over her mouth and tucked behind both ears!  She had the nerve to pimp in there, coat and all awf da muggin folks during her entrance.  I couldn't feel my legs, I was so stunned.  My dad.  Stunned...Blown.  Let's not forget that ..ALL DA CLUB HEADS WERE IN THERE.  And my mamma pulls a stunt like dat.  So of course, Evermean, me, my sister, and the mob panned the room waiting for somebody to SAY SUMPTIN.  Cuz it woulda been ON!!! Anyway, Righteous, my sister did an amazing job.  Almost brought me to tears cuz the luv was definitely in the air.   After her performance, another India Arie type chick came out ready to sing and my whole family was talking all loud, being rude, the usual ghetto shit.  To the point where me and Evermean are like, "Shhhh..yall stop being rude!"  My mother just looked at us (coat still on) and said, "I'm rhet to go, Righteous did her part"  Why were they gonna walk out (across the stage/floor) while this poor girl was singing her heart out.  It was so bad, I had to tell the strangers sitting next to me to please tell my mamma to sit her ass down.  My dad?  Still blown.  Meanwhile, my other sister and her mob were doing broke down Destiny's Child in front of the wall mirrors.  Correction: broke down video girls.  Man why?  I wanted to go home.  Fuck the club, fuck my drink, I wanted to leave.     I noticed my mom was carrying something in her hand.  This woman (insane) had a liquor store brown paper bag rolled all the way down to the shoulders, crumpled up in her hand.  When asked what that was, she said, "girl, this is my soda.  I can't be goin up to the bar orderin nuffin.  Yo fava would kill me"  By this time, I had a headache.  The chick finished so now it was time for THE CLUB to start.  My brother showed up late straight from work and this fool had the nerve to come up in there with his METRO BUS UNIFORM ON.  Skullcap and all.   I'm convinced yall.  My family is crazy.  They just don't care.  Keep shit REAL to the n'th power.  And nobody had the guts to talk about them for fear that they'd get their asses whupped.  Which definitely woulda happened.  My parent's and parka wearin aunt leave.  My brother and his boy left.  Meanwhile, my little sister and the video hoes (one being my hairdresser) took over the dancefloor.  Them bitches partied (all by demselves) until the DJ packed his shit up.  Why we leave with the staff?  They were droppin it like it's hot and simulating stripper moves all night in front of the mirror yelling at the top of their lungs, "PASS DA CAVASEEYAY!!".  The other people just stood around and watched them in disbelief.  Me and Evermean (both numb) just sat there and watched this whole thing play out.  We're like, "Please lawd, dont let none of these hoes start nuffin cuz we dont feel like thowin bitches on dey headz"     We finally made it home.  We stuck around so long in case somebody wanted to fuck with Righteous.  Yall know the mob can't leave until errythang is aight..lol  Back to my house.  Thank goodness I live like 5 minutes away, cuz I'd had enough.  Evermean and I spent the rest of the night telling Tini what happened.  She laughed until she cried.   I just wanted to cry.  The moral of this story: Don't ever invite church folks/parents to DA CLUB.  Da shit don't mix.