Nephews No More   My little rugrats are gone now.  WOO!  I feel like I just got beat up by a gang of midgets, man.  Those li'l boys wore me out!  First of all, Amir got me up at 7:00 am yelling, "I'm up Auntie!  Let's to the zoo now, I'm ready!!"  I'm like, "Ready for what?  Boy if you don't lay it down, imma roundhouse kick you"..lol.  We go back to sleep only to get up again at 9:00am.  What was I thinking?  Tini's laughing her ass off cuz I'm gripping da hell out of a cuppa coffee, trying to wake my evil self up.  Meanwhile, the kids have rebooted and are ready for day 2.  WHY???!!!!!!!  We went to the  urlLink zoo  at around noon.  That was a fiasco.  The DC National Zoo is a setup.  You're led to believe you're going on a nice walk with all these exhibits then..BAM!  It hits you.  The entire walk back to the main entrance is over a mile long (all up hill).  All three boys were exhaused so imagine me.  My big ass had to have a few sit-downs before we got back.  Po kids were about to starve to death cuz ol' Auntie couldn't make it.  Awf da, "Less ress boys!  Let's see how many kids we can count"  lol  Sheeyit..they knew exactly what was wrong.  Auntie done ran out of gas.  On a good note, we got to see the baby elephant who was just born a few months ago.  That was a blast, wiff his ol' stinky self.  Zoos stink!!!    Niko ran into one of his school buddies, but I ain't know who this li'l boy was steppin' to my nephew.  So I'm awf da, "break yo'seff!" when li'l dude came over and gave Niko a pound.  lol  Yall know me.  The kid's dad was way cute (grinin' up in my face) and his mom was not havin' it..LMAO.  I don't blame her.  She kinda said hello to me all stank and walked off wiff her li'l family.  Straight women (sigh).  Some of them can be a trip.  Of course some of the parents were amazed by they boys' good behavior.  What's up with that?  Are well-behaved kids extinct now?  Just cuz I had three li'l boys don't mean they are bad, mkay?  I'm thinking I needed to propose a good kid exhibit at the zoo so some of these parents can see how to discipline boys.  My method....EVER HEARD OF  urlLink RAYMOND MOSES ?  Nona don't play dat.  Every time they showed out, they lost a privilege.  Act a fool, no food.  Be hardheaded, off with your skullcap... freeze to death, ya li'l shit...lol.  So they know.  I may be the cool and fun Auntie, but I can flip da script on dey asses...LOL.  I'm the gawddayum boss!  Amir is the only one who challenges me.  That's why his armpits are sore right now, cuz I introduced him to Tickle Torture.   I'm glad it's over.  Time for Nona Naptime.  A big girl is ty-red!  I gotta git ready for  urlLink Janet !  lol