Late Night Flashback: File #004   I went to practically an all white  urlLink junior high school  (now an elementary school) back in the day.  Let's put it this way. In 1982, there were only two school busloads of black chirren at this huge school in Bowie.  They were BIG on sports, I was BIG (period).  It was time for our annual school olympics and we all had to choose a sport we wanted to compete in (mandatory).  I chose gymnastics.  Never done it before, but I figured that'd be a slacker's dream.  Ms. Morse, you know about this story..LOL.    Most of the white girls had already had some sort of gymnastics experience, etc., but us black'uns had no clue.  I was being trained on the pommel horse, but first I had to get "comfortable" with the springboard.  All the little perky chicks and other slackers took turns jumping off the springboard and over the pommel horse, following the gym teacher's brief instructions.  All we had to do was run, jump on the tip of the springboard and straddle jump over the pommel horse.   Simple right?  Not for me.  Ms. Morse went before me.  She ran and did her jump perfectly, raising her hands above her head wiff diss big assed cheesy smile.  I'm thinking.."Go Nona! You can do it gurl!"  I ran (a little too fast), approached the springboard, jumped, flew about 150 feet and landed on flat on my belly, knocked the fucking wind outta me.  Okay, I thought a belly flop in the pool was painful.  Nah!  My lard ass belly flopped right there on the mat for the entire gym to see.  The class roared in laughter, including Ms. Morse, who I thought was my "friend".  I ain't know that there was a particular place on the springboard that your feet HAD to land or you'd have a major fuck-up.  I flew 'cross dat gym like Hung Kung Foo-ee only to be busted up and embarrassed.  FUCK!  I forgot to  tuck and roll ! Can you see this li'l chubby yella gal fly?  Imagine me, butt and gut sailin thoo da gym.  I was hurt for real, but I took it like Li'l Romeo (and his souljahs).  Talk about breath and stop?!!  mm mm mm  My teacher came to my aid and "advised" me to choose another sport.  Gymnastics is way too risky, pumpkin.  Two words: SHOT PUT.  Fuck this girly shit, I'm rollin' wiff da K-D Langers!  I should've known right then, that I was gonna be into girls.  If you can't join 'em....eat 'em..LMAO!!!  Oh!  Truth be told, I got my gold medal.  I guess it was these big hocks I call arms.