The Golden Arches - The Horror Story   Is it me or do all McDonald's attract crazed homeless people?  EVERY SINGLE MCDONALD'S I'VE EVER BEEN IN EITHER HAS OLD FREAKS OR HOMELESS MANIACS!!  Okay, I go to meet my sister today to drop off some cash for V-Day and had to grab a bite on the run.  Where do I end up?  At McDonald's in Old Town, Virginia.  I walk in and all I see are crazy assed homeless/hopeless people.  We got two dudes fighting over food stamps on one side, one guy pecking off of a stale baloney and cheese sammich and a Shasta canned soda, and another dude with a Jimi Hendrix style bush with bandana and all PLUS his eyes were bugged out.  Now, I'm not gonna try and scarf down a fish sammich while walking down the street so I decided to eat in.  BIG MISTAKE.  The food stamp dudes were doing ghetto banking, the baloney man was laughing to himself and the broke down Hendrix was glaring at me.  Yall ever seen a big girl eat a fish sammich rul rul fast?  Consider me, mkay?  I chewed as fast as I could while on the phone with Tini, telling her how blown I was about the whole scene.     I'm done eating and begin to exit the Mickey Dee's.  Why did the bug eyed dude follow me out?  I'm walking down the sidewalk and this fool is walking behind me hollering at the top of his lungs (to the 99 bottle of beer on the wall song), "NIE-NEE NINE ASSHOLES AND HOMELESS ON THE STREET!!!".  He's also jumping up and down right behind my back.  My thing is, should I turn around and cuss this bastard out, or should I just "pull over" and let him pass me by.  I slowed down a bit for him to walk pass me and he starts yelling at me louder, "NIE-NEE NINE ASSHOLES AND HOMELESS ON THE STREET!".  What are my thoughts?  If this fool comes any closer, Imma shank his ass in the Commonwealth (right in front of the court buildings).   At that point I didn't give a fuck cuz I was rhet to cut him.  My dad gave me a comb that he got from the  urlLink Spy Shop ...it only LOOKS like a comb.  It's really a shank (knife).  It's always in my pockeybook in case anybody wanna carry it like dat.  (I've even gotten into clubs and thru security wiff it cuz it's acrylic not metal)  Anyway, dude is just looking at me all crazy and I swore to beans if he stepped in my personal space, he wuz gon git shanked...no bullshit!   He skipped his crooning ass on down the street, thankfully.   Sup wiff Ronald McDonald man?  Ron need to do something about homeless folks hanging out at his crib.  Shit ain't fair.  You can't even get your Value Meal on wiffout some stankin' assed homeless person hanging around.  I have nothing against them and at times I really feel bad for some of them, but they aint got to hang out in public places and harrass the patrons.  That's where it all went horribly wrong.  Ronald needs to apply some sort of security measures on the Arches.  This shit is sickening.  I made it home thankfully.