Late Night Flashback - File #003    Bean Pie Greed    My dad was a hippee/black revolutionary in the 70's.  He took us down on the Mall for Martin Luther King's bday celebration (the one where Stevie Wonder first performed that God-awful HB song).  My brother and I were there with dad and his friend Mr. Flowers who had some really greedy kids.  It was freezing cold outside, snow up to our necks and we started to get hungry.  My dad and Mr. Flowers bought us  urlLink bean pies  from the Muslim dudes to hold us off until we got home.  My brother and I had our own but Mr. Flowers' two kids had to share one.  On our way back to the car, Mr. Flowers instructed his kids to wait until we got back inside the car.  Me and my brother happily munched on ours during the walk over cuz my dad didn't care when we ate ours.  Mr. Flowers' daughter, Dee snuck and ate the entire bean pie before we got back to the car and her brother didn't get any.  Once in the car, Dee's brother starts yelling about the missing bean pie.  So Mr. Flowers goes, "Dee!  Where is dat bean pie?!! Where is it Dee?!"  Dee (wiff bean pie crust around her mouth) shrugged her shoulders pretending not to know what happened to it.  Mr Flowers asks, "You bet not be lying to me.  If you don't find that bean pie in two minutes dats yo' ass!"  Meanwhile, Dee's brother is in tears, my brother and I are too (but we're laughing).  The pie never surfaced.  Because it was so much snow outside we all had on gloves, hats, etc.  Flowers had on some extra thick, raggedy, scratchy gloves with lint balls all over 'em.  Finally, when Mr. Flowers figured that Dee ate that bean pie he said, "What I tell you about being greedy and lying??!  Bring yo lips over here right now!"  Dee looked all silly and glared at those big industrial strength  work gloves her father was wearing.  She leaned her head across the front seat and Mr. Flowers slapped all the shit outta her lips, back and forth to the point where bean pie crust and slob flew out of her mouth.  By this time, my brother and I are falling all over each other laughing like crazy.  I'm thinking...  I can't believe this greedy child got smacked in the lips with those gloves .  OVER A BEAN PIE.  LOL  That's classic.  I had to share.