Today's Dedication   I'm gonna dedicate today to my little munchkin, Tayah.  We had a blast with her yesterday, even though she's a little drama queen.  She wore my back out to the point where I'm awf da stiff neck this morning.  I love that little girl though, with her little two-year-old-going-on-thirty-two self.  First of all, she had just met Persia and Magenta.  She's looking at them like, "hmph...imma work deez brawds"..lol.  Why did she have poor Persia running around with her (like a new playmate), trying to find my cat.  Tayah decided to change her name awf da, "Kay Kay, come'ere... Kay Kay! Find the cat!"  Of course, Persia is behind her going, "okay baby.. okay Tayah"  Tini and Magenta are just looking at them shaking their heads.  Tayah is a dayum trip!  She got pimpin' skillz at two!  I'm having a hard time believing she knows how to manipulate like that.   The shit was so funny.  Everytime she's blown or upset about something that usually she can't have, she gives drama.  She throws her hands up and goes (in her best Greta Garbo voice), "Help me! Oh!  Help me!"   So why did my sister call to speak with her little dramatic daughter and Tayah gets on the phone and goes, "They hurt me mommy!"  LIES I SAY!  We aint do shit to Tayah!  She was just mad cuz the white girls aint let her put them on the block..lol.  They were time enough for Tayah's ass.  She aint know that Persia is from BROOKLYN!!  LOL.     Later on, Tayah conned Evermean into laying on the couch with her.  I go in the livingroom and both of them are sleep, slobbin.  What did I do?  CALL PERSIA, MAGENTA, AND TINI SO WE COULD LAUGH THEM OUT..LOL.  Then I put both of them to bed.  Her and Evermean went "night night".  When Tayah finally got up and ate, we did a video shoot.  She was ready for her close-up.  So I put on "Knock Yourself Out" by Jadakiss and  urlLink we       urlLink worked       urlLink the       urlLink camera .  LMAO.  Today belongs to Tayah cuz I luh my li'l "white girl"...LOL