Latenight Flashback File #002    The Deadly French Fry    I know!  It's morning, but I oun cur.  Imma write it anyway..lol.   My parents rarely took us out to eat at fast food joints.  Why?  Cuz my dad was a health freak and anti-grease (plus we wuz po).  So whenever dad used to get the urge to splurge on junkfood, my brother and I looked forward to it so we could  charm  each other.  Here are the rules of  charming  (in the hood):  Save on piece of food until late at night and then tease each other until one eventually cries (and the other gets a beating and is forced to give up the snacks).  We ALWAYS did that.  With anything.  Pizza, candy, potato chips, any fun food.  Yeh, we basically kept food under our pillows until we could go in for the kill awf da, "aaaah haaaa!  I got somethin' to eeeaatt!" (waving the snacky treat)     Anyway, we went to McDonald's one day and both of us ordered Happy Meals.  My greedy ass came up with an idea.  Imma keep begging my brother for his french fries (and save mine) so I can charm him later.  I almost killed myself being a hog.  We're at the gas station, my dad went to pay the attendent, and I started threatening my brother for his french fries.  I basically told him I wouldn't be his friend anymore if he didn't give me some.  So I'm in the front seat (bro's in the back) and I lean my head back on the head rest for my brother to drop fries in my mouth.  My plan was to torture him later on that night waving fries under his nose.   My dumb assed brother picked the tiniest, hardest, most burnt fry in his bag and dropped it in the back of my throat.  I damn near choked to death.  That fool set me up!  So I'm gagging for dear life (bro's falling out laughing in the back) and my dad gets back in the car.  He takes one look at me (I'm blue in the face) and says, "What the hell is wrong wiff you?!!!"  Bro's cracking up by this time.  Me?  I can't respond cuz I got this dried up krispy fry that I have to hack up before I keel ova.  Why did my dad snatch both my brother's and my bags of fries and chucked them out the window awf da, "DASS WHY I OUN TAKE YALL NOWHERE!  YALL DON'T KNOW HOW TO ACK!!"  Meanwhile, my brother is looking like a dear in headlights and I'm praying my dad doesn't deep 6 my soda cuz I need to swalla diss li'l tater down.  I tried my best to beat the living snot outta him when we got home.  Then I gave him a stale, old, slimy Now & Later (wiff half the paper torn off and pencil sheddings all over it) that I had in the bottom of my bookbag.  That's what that fool gets for trying to kill me wiffa french fry.