Back 2 Biz   Yeh, I've been 'incognegro' for a minute due to spending QT with my QT..lol.  Not much has happened.  I coughed up a grip for this month's rent (sigh).  Evermean locked a few more fools up. Um...it's too damned cold for folks to commit crimes (especially domestics).   People need to chill with that bullshit.  Saw Tayah.  She learned how to say, "whatever" and uses it frequently (the little shit)...lol.  Vida gave me a bit of information regarding something she did.   I'm not mad at ya Vida, but imma choke the life outta you if that shit gets out (more than it has).  YES!  That's a public threat...lol  Nona   First of all, my hair sux ass.  I've constantly asked Tini and Evermean if my hair looked that bad.  They've continuously told me no.  LIES I SAY!  Yall know how friends are.  THEY NEVER TELL YOU THE TRUTH.  My shit is  urlLink tore up  and at this point, it's embarrassing.  How bout I can't hook up with my hairdresser.  Cuz she's going to the All-Star festivities and I can't see her until next week.  I'm bitta.  I'm a bamma.  A bitta bamma, go figure.  (sigh)  Imma try to rock head wraps until I see her, but can yall see me going to job interviews like that?  I'd scare the hell outta folks wiff my bamma assed  Jill Snot  looking self.  That's so wrong.  If I take my braids out, yall dont understand.  My afro span is awf da  urlLink Maxwell 1999 .   "Don't be afraid of the way I rub yo' back girrrrl"   Cmon!  Plus I dont have enough for a ponytail so I'm pretty much  urlLink fucked .  Why am I sitting her still trying to beeswax and tighten up these raggedy assed braids?   Needless to say, half of them are hanging on by the  urlLink strings I call my hair .  And how bout the back of my neck looks like one of those  urlLink nappy assed teddy bears  that some of yall still sleep with.  It's grown quite a bit (still not enough for a real hairstyle) and it's way too curly to blow dry and curl.  ICK!  Curling irons.  I'LL NOT GO BACK!  LOL. So basically, I'm facing bamma status like a muhfukka.  That's until my hairdresser comes back from Philly and sobers up.  What a cruel world!