Absolute Insanity   Once again, another weekend of drunken foolishness.  This time, Vodka is the culprit.  Fiday night, I spent it with my parents for my mom's bday.  Fools decide they wanted to start shooting down the street from the house.  To the point where the police showed up.  Um..one word: EVERMEAN.  She heard my folks' neighborhood on her radio and was there within 5 minutes.  When I say her car came around that corner doin like 100 MPH, I ain't lyin'.  lol  She came to make sure everyone in my folks' house was okay.  We didn't know what the hell was going on.  We just heard somebody empty a whole clip outside.  No one was hurt.  No gunman was found.  But definitely, shots were fired.  I know the difference between fireworks and firepower.  Trust me.  Special thanks to Evermean for making sure shit was okay.     I was so exhausted by late Friday night, we decided to stay in.  So of course yesterday we slept all day b/c we knew we were gonna PAR-TAY all night.  Um...wasn't all night, but... we were tore up drunk (of course).  Evermean, a friend (I'll call her K), and I polished off half a bottle of Vodka at my house and then decided to walk 4 city blocks to the nearby club.  Why were we the first ones there?  OMG!  It was soo funny.  In all my years of partying, I've never showed up at a club before it opened.  LOL.  So we three drunkards are standing in front of the club trying to con somebody into letting us in early (cuz it was cold outside), while I'm the curbside entertainment.  Here I am busting off one-liners like I'm a back-up comedian for Rodney Dangerfield.   We finally get in and grab a seat before somebody beat us to them..lol  yeh right.  How bout we sat in that sombitch for about 30 minutes ... JUST THE THREE OF US.. until folks started to roll in.  Not just any folks.  Well, let me explain.  It was a private party intended for lesbians of color..blah blah blah.   Maaaaaaaaaaan!  It ended up being a bunch of older lesbian chix with bad hairdos.  No eye candy (except for two major cuties), the scene sucked, and no one was dancing.  What do we do?  What we do best.  DRINK!  The bartenders must've been on crack because I swear to beans, those drinks were like 95% alcohol.  Here we go again...lol  (sigh).  Evermean's friend, K had one drink.  Not us.  Me and my "sidekick" had to have TWO Vodka drinks.  It took us over two hours to get them down, but um..yeh!  We sat there the entire time people watching until more of our friends showed up.  Evermean's buzzed, K's aight and me?  Well, let's just say I was  2 sheets to the wind ..lol     After drinking, a little dancing, and more girl-watching, we finally leave that place and walk back to my house.  The rest of the night was filled with drunkeness.  Unspeakable drunken madness.  As per normal, Evermean and I woke up this morning, face-down in the pillows, awf da "Where I'm is?"...lol  I didn't even go to the SuperBowl party with Tini tonight b/c I need to dry out.  I'm not seeing myself drinking anymore......UNTIL NEXT WEEKEND WHEN PERSIA COMES TO VISIT US ALL THE WAY FROM NYC.   (waving to Persia)......