Late Night Flashback - File #006   I know it's early...but eff it.   I've known Tini since I was like 15 years old.  One day me, Tini and my parents went to the beauty supply store.  We THOUGHT my mom was gonna buy odds and ends, etc.  Turns out, she bought a wig on the DL and had the nerve to have the clerk put it in a little brown paper bag.  My dad hates fake shit.  Nails, weave, eyes, boobs..all that. He hates anything fake.  He used to try to fuss at me and my sisters, but as we got older, we paid him no mind.  My mom can never get away with it though.  So we get in the car, dad's driving, Tini and I are in the back seat.  My dad asks my mom what she had in the paper bag.  Cuz she can't lie awf da cuff, she just looked at him all stupid.  He asked again.  Mom.......silent.   Tini and I are snickering in the back.  Finally, my dad grabs the bag and takes a peep only to discover that there's a hairy "thing" staring back at him.   He flipped his wig (no pun intended).  This fool goes, "I thought I told you that I don't like fake stuff.  Oh!  I know dat aint no wig in there!  Is dat a wig?  Take it out, lemme see!"  My mom looks all goofy and removes the wig from the bag.  It was a tight assed, extra shiny snatch back.   She puts it on and grins at him as if to say, "Ain't it cute doe?"  My dad loses his cool and snatches the wig off her head yelling, "You aint keepin' this wig!" Guess what he does?  My father threw the wig out the car window into traffic.  So my mother starts punching him in the shoulder going, "You betta stop this car and go back and get my wig!  I'm not playin wiff you!  Stop the dayum car and turn around dammit!"  Imagine a wig flying out a car window.  Imagine my face cuz Tini's witnessing this ghetto shit.  By this time, Tini is about to bust cuz she's holding back a laugh.  Meanwhile, I'm sitting there frozen in time cuz I'm blown.  They ride like four blocks down the street with my mom pouncing on my dad until finally, he goes back in search of the wig.  Mom is sitting there pissed with a crumpled up brown paper bag in her lap awf da tight face.  Dad goes to retrieve the wig (while kicking rocks..mad)and and I'm sitting in the back ducking down cuz this fool is seriously searching for a snatchback on Addison Road.  They aint say two words to each other for the rest of the day.  Later on, I'm trying to figure out how to con Tini into keeping this shit to herself.  Oh please don't go back to school and report this.  My reputation!  After that day, Tini practically lived at our house waiting for my parents to do some more stupid shit like that.  I guess that's how we became best friends..LOL.