Awf Da Sillies   It's late/early as hell.  I've got designer's block.  So nothing better to do than think of silly shit or shilly sit [if you're drunk]..lol.  I forgot to mention something really funny that Nita Cherry said the other night.  We were talking about her uncle that, according to her family, is "slow".  She don't think so.  She goes, "Nah, my uncle is smot!  He writes poetry and he can see in the dark!!".  That shit is funny!  Yall know I fell out laughing right?  She said he had infra red vizion thoo his eyelids..LMAO.  Go head man..lol.     I watched a little bit of that FOX TV's America outrage bullshit.  This dude was complaining about how the media is influencing our children.  Russell Simmons was arguing dude down about how rap music does NOT promote drugs, sex, and disrespect.  Whatever man.  Every form of music makes you wanna do one of the following:  hump somebody kill somebody kill yourself cry bob your head furiously become a substance abuser call your ex and leave a psychotic message hunt your ex down and slap the piss out of him/her for making that song provoke thoughts of them or even... take your clothes off and shake it for dollas..LOL  All genres of music have somebody cuttin' up.  You think fools don't freak to bluegrass?  I believe they do.  If I didn't have any other form of music but bluegrass, I'd still hump the sauce outta somebody..eff dat!  I'm sick of these people telling entertainers that it's their fault for turning kids into heathens.  Some kids are born like that.  Some kids have ill parents.  Some kids just wanna seem cool.    Hip hop influences..blah blah blah.. Kiss my ass!  You go Russell for holdin' it down.  As for sex and violence in movies...um..kids will never stop watching that shit.  I grew up on Porky's and Friday the 13th.  I think I'm aight.  Just a violent freak at times..no harm done..LOL  Middle America loves to blame bad assed kids on something.  Try blaming bad assed kids on parents who use TV, video games, and crack head prostitutes as babysitters.  There's a thought. While you're teaching your kids to hunt for game, he's thinking of bussin caps in somebody's ass..trust me. Even if a kid was raised in a so-called decent household, they still have trifling assed friends.  Everybody has at least ONE ghetto/trifling friend.  Plus kids still have access to the shit in school, so relax parents!  Hip Hop, Marilyn Manson and American Pie (the movie) did not ruin your kids.  And MTV's Spring Break shenanigans didn't turn your daughter into a hoe.  Nobody forces them to go R-Kelly on TV.  I bet you if half these old assed parents had the bodies, they'd shake it for Jerry on MTV too.  LOL Speaking of Jerry.  Ain't nobody say nuffin about them back porch bunnies that be going hard on his show.  They're adults.  Who influenced they asses?  Hip Hop?  Yeh right..lol.    I think corporate America is just pissed at the fact that thugs and stoners make just as much money as they do (if not more) and they do and say whatever the fuck they want.  I'm broke and I do the same thing so...touche dammit!    Shameless plug: McDonald's new buffalo sauce is bomb!