New Roomie   Tini and I are getting a new roommate as of May 1st.  We weren't seriously looking for one but due to my financial constraints, we gotta bring another person into our 3 bedroom pad.   The spare room was a blast while it lasted, especially the cam pics, but we gotta do what we gotta do.  Of course you know I'll be blogging about how things turn out with her.    I'll call her Nita Cherry.  Tini and I have known her since she was about 16 years old.  She's 20 now and just about to graduate from Georgetown this May.  Smart cookie, huh?  This chick definitely fits the profile for who we'd like to live with.  We party and goof off way too much for a serious type.  Nita Cherry is a living goofball but has a serious responsible side.  Good with bills and stuff like that.  She came over the other night so Tini and I could give her "the rules" of this house.  No boyfriend drama, not too messy, stay out our shit (or ask first), and bills must be paid on time all the time.  Worked out well.     Nita's way book smart and way street smart, but this girl will say anything out of her mouth (a typical Aries..lol). Plus she's sort of a ditz cuz she's been exposed to way too much..way too early so she really doesn't understand how to be tactful with some of the things she says.  Doesn't bother me.  I know her ass..lol.  Once Tini and I finished telling her what to expect here, she went on to ask me about my sexual preference.  LOL  [here we go].  She wondered how I ended up this way...LOL  That's funny.  "uh..somebody hit me cross da head and I ended up in pussy!".LOL  yeh right.  Straight people sometimes..they are so cute.  She totally didn't understand the whole butch/femme concept.  I tried to explain while also explaining that my girlfriend wasn't gonna beat her up..LOL or chase her around the coffee table.  My thing was her father and boyfriend.  I hope they don't trip cuz she'll be living with two women (one being a gaywad..lol).  Boyfriends are usually threatened by shit like this.  For the record...Nita is like my little sister.  Way too young....way too immature...way to risky.  Plus, I'm in love and monogamously committed to yall know who....EVERMEAN.      I told Evermean about Nita.  She was sorta familiar with her before.  My ex-gf didn't like her cuz Nita's voice is like 10 octaves above average.  Like Squeek on the color purple.  Plus she needs Ridalin..LOL.  Way too much energy.  We'll see how it all turns out.  The good thing is...Tini and I no longer have to pay 900 bux (a piece) for monthly rent.  That rox.