The Savannah Experience - DAY FOUR   Sunday, March 17, 2002 - OUR LAST NIGHT   Let me see what I can gather from my notes..lol.  Sunday was pretty calm at first.  We did our usual breakfast and then made it on down to River Street for one last "ha ha".  We went to a bar called Bernies for seafood but it was sooo  crowded and out of shrimp.  Evermean had been looking for shrimp all weekend and still NO ONE had anymore.  Teo and Kiva tagged to wall of graffiti giving a shout out to C.O. City..lol  Tini and Kiva started puffing on a Cuban cigar that Turan scored.  I sat there with the blown face cuz it was hot in there.  We did one round of drinks there cuz them drinks wuz weak!!  I had to ask for another shot of tequila in my drink cuz they were faking on us.  One thing I left out about Saturday at the Cockpit.  Brandy asked me to make up a drink.  So I made up a Tequila, Parrot Bay, and splash (keyword: splash) of pineapple juice.  She asked me to name it and after throwing back two of them, I decided to call it a Little Yellow Bastard..LOL  We then began to promote this LYB at the bar and a cupla folks tried it.  AND GOT TWISTED..LOL.    Anyway, back at Bernie's.  We went there cuz last year was a blast.  This year blew chunks.  Too many losers and not enough liquor..lol.  Back outside, we went to our favorite spot..WET WILLIES.  They introduced a couple of new flavors there.  After that, we just enjoy the 85-degree weather on the waterfront and people watched all day (while still getting drunk).  Evermean was drunk as hell.  She turned into an instant pervert again, trying to molest me in public.  To the point where finally, I had to tell her to leave me the hell alone.  What'd she do?  Molest all the other girls who were with us, feelin' tits and pinching butts.  I was too exhaused (and drunk) to care.  Tini found an empty palm reader's tent.  So her dumb ass goes under there (wiffa cigar hangin out her mouth) goin, "Cawl meh nah!!!"  Doing these fake palm readings and "healings" while the crowd laughed at her dumb ass.  Why did she call it Tini's Tarots and Fortunes...LOL  Saying she was all that and a crystal ball.  Dumb ass..lol  She was grabbing people by the head supposedly ridding them from drunken' demons.  What an asshole.  I wanted no part, cuz I may be a fool and a party animal, but I don't eff wiff da blasphemy.  No thanks..LOL.  Then Tini got evicted by the officials.  Dammit Jim!  Guess who we see after that?  Brandy and Rachel came down to River Street completely shitfaced!  Both of them were giving runway down river street talking shit.  They bumped into us and we all farted around for a while.  That's until they had to go cuz they had to begin their shift at the Cockpit.  How bout they aint care that they were pissy drunk, on the way to work..LOL  My kinda job!  Later on that night after we stumbled our way from River Street back to our hotel, everyone just did their own thing.  Tini and I had a heartfelt chat about this and that.  Evermean was passed out in the bed (for the night).  Teo and the crew were just sitting by the pool.  Kera, Jeanie and them were still at River Street getting wasted.  Tini went to Krystal's at got us some li'l burgers.  Then her, Kiva, and Sparkle went night night.  Keenya and Kevin...M.I.A.    Who does that leave?  Me, Teo and Turan.  First of all, I went outside only to find Teo and Brandy freakin' in the street.  Then Brandy goes, "Come on ova heeya bitch and git you summa diss!"  I'm like "huh?" (as I slide my big ass 'cross da parking lot)  Brandy pulls out a massive bag of (you guessed it)..lol.  And for the rest of the night, we got silly.  Brandy's ass is a fool.  She put in Snoop Dog's cd, took a few puffs, threw back a bottle of K (R. Kelly's beer), started popping her coochie (like the most ghetto black chick), and sang, "Dah dah dah dah dah...It's the muthafuckin' D-O Dubble Gee...SNOOP DAWWWG!!!"  I couldn't feel my legs.  This bitch danced and partied better than any black woman I've ever seen.  Teo was stunned too.  It was like a black woman trapped in a white woman's body, the way she smoked, drank and partied with us.  I'm not talkin' about the Jerry Springer types.  Brandy was pretty and had plenty of sense.  I looked at Teo and said, "This is the type of white girl we need to be very afraid of"  Then Kera, Jeanie and Angie stumble on over (from the River Street shuttle) and wanted to party with us.  WHY??!!!!!  All of us were out there smokin' and partying in the parking lot of the hotel.  Brandy's car doors are open and her music is blaring so loud (with gangsta rap)..lol  Jeanie, the teacher asked me for a puff and I almost passed out.  She looks sooo innocent man!  I'm like, "No!  Dammit, no!"  I gave it to her anyway..lol.  Then Kera started stripping, pulling her tits out asking me if one is bigger than the other.  I'm thinking, if Evermean catches me wiffa white girl's titty in my hand and a blunt in my mouth..it's over!   Jeanie is popping her coochie wiff Brandy and Teo is in the middle of them.  Angie is way too fucked up to move that's when I started making jokes about Turan wandering around aimlessly.  Me and Angie fell down in the grass, rolled around by the pond (wiff da ducks), laughing at what was playing out. We got Turan walking in circles, Teo running around with Brandy straddled on her, Kera slapping her naked white ass, and Jeanie (the teacher) dancin with an imaginery freak, hollerin', "There goes my shirt offa my head...oh my!" ...Me and Angie couldn't stop laughing.   That shit was funny.  Long story short..LOL.  We stayed out there for four hours.  This one dude was fakin like he was getting ice and came over to us awf da "what chall dewin?!".  Cars kept driving by amazed at the fact that all races were partying in the street while yelling, "Work white bitch! "  "You betta freak her you black bitch!!"  That's just how we choose to love eachother.  No harm done.  Finally, Brandy's gentleman caller shows up and Teo starts dancing around him yellin, " Go Billy Bob!  Go Billy Bob!!" Brandy is pulling up the back freaking Teo.  Jeanie is professing her love for me (oh no).  Angie is just standing there.  Kera?  Her ass was running from room to room going, "Look at my white ass!"  I figured it was time for me to take it on in.   I had to go.  I left those crazies right outside still getting fucked up.  I crept in my room, cleaned myself up, and passed out.    Teo stumbled in about an hour later.  I can't even imagine what went on after I left.  The next morning (Monday) we came back home.  As you can see, I had a blast.  Thanks for letting me share the experience.  As soon as my lazy ass develops my pictures, I'll post.