The Savannah Experience - DAY THREE   SATURDAY - March 16, 2002  We all meet up and go to breakfast.  The service sucked.  All of us were irritable and hungover.  The waitress was a bitch.  Long story short..LOL  I had to stop Sparkle from punching her, we caused a scene and walked out before our food came out cuz we waited over an hour and the waitress was about to get killed..lol.  We move on over to The Cockpit.   Stayed there for about 5 hours.  DRINKING AGAIN.  It was bad.  All of us drunkards started daring each other to tongue kiss one another.  Brandy and Rachel participated.  Aw man it was way bad.  Evermean was licking and kissing Brandy's boobs.  Rachel was giving random lap dances.   Me and Tini are taking incriminating pictures.  Other girls were kissing and humping whomever was assigned to them..lol.  We treated Brandy and Rachel like backyard hoes..it was so sad.  Let's not forget..they work there!  Both of them were drunk with us.  The random redneck dudes were watching us like "what da?!!"  Some of them bought us rounds of shots.  Again, we made complete assholes of ourselves.  Brandy and Rachel fell in love with Evermean and Teo..lol.  After we left the Cockpit, all of us were way too drunk to make it back down to River Street.  We needed a break.  The sad part was, we missed the parade cuz we could barely stand up.  So we stayed at the hotel and did random shit.  Some of us disappeared due to "hooking up".  Some of us took a nap.  Others smoked bud (while keeping an eye out for Evermean..so she wouldn't catch us..lol).   Later on that night, all hell broke loose.  Evermean was soooo drunk.  OMG!  I'd never seen her that plastered.  So she had to idea to play, "Imma take your ass and if you say sumptin, imma beat the hell outta you"..LOL  But she aint tell me.  So as soon as I walk into our room, she smooched me in the back of the head so hard, I fell faced down on the bed into a box of Crunch N Munch.  She took my "stuff", slapped me around, and put me in police holds until I begged for mercy.  It was all in good fun until she stood over me and said, "Now put your clothes on bitch, and get the fuck out!"  Then she left the room and slammed the door.  That's when I got mad.  LOL  I'm thinking, "BITCH?!!!"  Aw shit, I know she aint say dat.  My drunk ass stormed out after her (wiff Crunch N Munch stuck to da side of my face) looking for her cuz now I'm rhet to fight.  Everybody else was at the pool.  I walk up to Evermean and start mouthing off about how I oun 'ppreciate her talking to me like dat and she tries to throw me in the pool.  I'm pissed (dont wanna play no mo) so while she's dragging me by my feet, I get petty and kick her in the mouth (busted her lip).  So we broke out and started fighting...well....not really for real, she just kept pushing my pressure points and doing those stupid assed police grips on me which pissed me off.  Then she pinned me down and kept slapping me in the face.  Meanwhile, errybody else is wondering if we're fighting for real or just playing.  Neither one of us knew at that point.  Both of us were pissed, but also afraid of hurting each other..lol.  This turns into a domestic.   So we go back into the room and start arguing over something silly.  The rest of the gang is scared to come in to see if we're trying to kill each other.  Talk about rough sex gone bad!...LOL    We kiss and make up and admit that we need a code word or rules when we wanna do this shit again.  It was my fault for getting mad at being called a bitch and being a sissy about it.  It was her fault for doing unfair police tactics on me.  Dat shit aint fair..LOL.    Once we got back outside, we had to tell the rest of the gang that we were just playing.  They're looking at us like, "What kinda sick sexual shit yall be doin?!"..LOL Then they started teasing me about how I was just mad cuz Evermean could kick my ass (true).  I oun care, I juss didnt ppreciate her calling me a bitch after taking my cookies..LMAO.    Later on that night, we ended up getting fucked up again.  Then Kiva jumped in the pool and started running around with no panties on, flashing her butt at everybody.  Then she passed out drunk and we got the idea to get a pour a bucket of ice down her buttcrack.  She aint know what hit her.  We snatched her ass outta the bed (prison rape style), poured ice in her crack and then put the nasty crack ridden cubes in her mouth..LOL  Then, Teo and I got into an argument outside cuz she was drunk, mad at Kiva (for pimpin Sparkle), and babying Turan. Note: Turan is new to the drinking/sex game.  So he became a little pain in the ass after awhile.  Teo kept defending him and I was awf da, Hes a grown fucking man.  Let im be dammit!!!)  Kera, Jeanie and them showed up and started screaming, "Shaddup you black bitches!!"  (Inside joke - we call them our white bitches and they call us black bitches..lolits all luv doe).  The white girls were drunk (cuz they'd gone drinking at the parade on River Street.  We couldnt stomach it.), so when they came back, they were really effed up.  We just sat around the pool and watched the brave ones flash their tits..LOL.   I made sure Evermean was away from the scene (cuz she aint know we had contraband..LOL), then all of us got (the opposite of low), squashed a whole pizza and a box of buffalo wings and laughed until we cried while watching  urlLink The Osbournes .  Dont ever watch them when youre effed up.  That shit is way funny!  Whats wrong with Ozzy??  Is he permanently burnt?  Im thinking yes indeed!  We couldnt stop laughing at him calling his dogs,  Shittin Aliens LOL.  After that, each one of us passed out in Tinis room.  I finally made it back to the room with Evermean.  Thats AFTER I got the smoke stank offa me..LOL.