The Savannah Experience - DAY TWO   FRIDAY - March 15, 2002  That morning around 4 am, I woke up with the most horrifying leg cramps and my knee was all busted up.  I had no idea what the hell had happened but all I know was I was fucked up.  Tini told me that my leg cramps came from dehydration.  The other girls told me that my knee injury was due to my breakdancing stunts the night before.  Once everyone woke up, I had to go to the Piggly Wiggly to get some Gatorade to rehydrate myself.  Sparkle needed to go also to get money that was Western Unioned to her.  Plus we bought snacks and other random stuff.  When we all got back in the van, we're thinking, "Where's Sparkle?"  Why did she show up with a bag full of weave?  LOL  She was so drunk the day before, that she thought she was using hair spray but later realized it was LYSOL.  So she basically fucked up her hair.  We all died laughing cuz she was awf da disinfectant and had to buy weave on vacation.   LMAO.  You know you ghetto when you find a weave store and retrack your hair (while on vacation)LOL.  That shit rox..  We all met at the Cockpit and Jeanie was wondering if she'd broken her nose cuz her shit was fucked up.   The funny part is, she didn't remember what happened, and all she knew was her nose hurt really bad. Nobody knew what happened for real cuz we couldn't remember shit.  We ate lunch and then started drinking again at the Cockpit.  Brandy and Rachel were there again so yall know we cut a fool.  We started poking Brandy's tits and making all kinds of perverted advances at them.  So sad.  Back to River Street for Round 2.  First, Wet Willies (again).  This time most of us had three Call A Cabs plus random shots.  We ended up passing this other bar where the bartender chicks were standing on top of the bar (half naked), dancing all freaky.  We just HAD to go in to see what caused all the action.   Evermean noticed them serving these wierd looking green drinks using miniature turkey basters.  They basically squirt this shit in your mouth while the crowd cheered you on.  Evermean asked them what it was and the one chick said, "It's called Liquid Viagra!"  (6 shot(s) Vodka,6 shot(s) Blue Curacao,2 can(s) Red Bull).  We go, "What does it do?"  The chick says, "Look at us!!!!"  EVERMEAN AND NONA, "WE'LL TAKE ONE!"  So we got one serving and then my dumb ass gets the great idea for me and Evermean to try another one.  The rest of our crew decided against it cuz they were already loaded.  We move down the street and noticed Budweiser had an indoor party with a DJ.  At that point, no one was dancing, just standing around drinking beer.  What do we do?  WE START THE PARTY.  They shouldnt have played the Cha Cha Slide man..lol.  Thats the ghetto anthem!   Over two hours later, there are hundreds of people doing God knows what in there, dancing, humping, slobbing all over each other, pissy drunk.  There's this group of like 12-year-old boys just sitting around watching and Evermean, Sparkle and Teo started trying to freak them and shit for beads.  Then Jeanie, the teacher started letting the lil boys put glow sticks down her bra.  The crowd just stared in disbelief that these grown assed women were drunk and awf da pedophilia  Finally we snatched them away.  I grabbed Evermeans shirt and Tini grabbed the others.  They should be ashamed of themselves for freaking minors.  Angie (our Hispanic mami) is doing a ghetto style mirange dance with some unknown Puerto Rican dude and the crown goes wild over seeing A REAL MARANGE.  The bartenders are looking at us all crazy cuz they can't believe we done started the Budweiser party.  By this time, every last one of us is fucking drunk as hell.  Then a U.S. Navy ship floats by and unloads Navy men!  YIPPEEEE!  We nabbed two of them and started hugging and kissing all over them, buying them drinks and telling them thanks for protecting our country (while slurring and slobbing..lol).  Basically made complete asses of ourselves.  Meanwhile Sparkle conned one of them to take her on the ship (which they did).  She's giving drunk ghetto diva on board the U.S.S. Whatever...LOL  and we cant believe she pulled it off.  This bitch actuall boarded this huge ship and gave the Ms. America wave to all the hatersFUNNY!  Then all fourteen of us go to Hiphuggers, the danceclub nearby.  Hiphuggers wasn't ready for us, I'm telling you.  As soon as we walked in the door Kera made me take vodka shots...I was already way too drunk and the Liquid Viagras were definitely in full effect.  All I can tell yall is what I remember.  We got on the dance floor and most of us split up.  I couldn't find Evermean but was like eff it, imma party.  I started dancing with these two guys basically molesting them in public.  That's when I passed out on the stage.  Tini had to come get me and tell me they'd kick me out if I didn't get up.  So back on the dance floor, I freaked the hell out of these two guys.  I took my shirt off and tied it around all three of our necks.  Basically had both dudes by the throat awf dayalls mines nah!.  I publicly simulated all types of sexual moves, including lying on my back (on stage) and wrapping my legs around the one guys neck, while hes looking at me like This bitch is nuts!  Why?!!  Meanwhile, I'm waiting for Evermean to snatch my ass up and start a fight in the club.  Once I got a peep at her, SHE WAS FREAKING SOME UNKNOWN DUDE while groaping women and other perverted shit.  Sparkle informed me later that both Evermean and I had crowds of people around us watching the show..LMAO.  We stayed there for about 3 hours.  Kera, Jeanie, and Jamie were (I heard) doing naked body shots on the bar.  Teo and Sparkle were doing their world famous broke down video hoe routine in front of the mirrors on stage.  Who knows what happened to Keenya and Kevin.  Po Kevin.  I dont think Keenya warned him about us drunken freaks..lol.  Turan was just wandering around but the funny part was this fool cant dance.  Imagine that.. A black man who cant boogie.  Until YMCA came on and it was OUN!!!!  He was suddenly possessed by the Shake Ya Bon Bon God..LOL  I was sooo drunk, all I remember was Jeanie grabbing me and giving me some water to bring me down (cuz I was bout to puke).  Tini had given up on me long time ago.  Eventually she went back to the hotel (completely drunk and embarrassed at us girls)  Afterwards, I continued to party like a bonafied savage.  I ended up breaking a set of beads, I lost Evermean's new camera, AND I can't remember much after that.  All I really remember is Teo trying to convince me not to cry over the camera.  I was awf da Miss Sofia in the corner of the club.  Rockin and shit, bout to lament over how imma xplain losing the camera.  I thought Evermean would never speak to me for being so irresponsible (she later forgave me).  On the shuttle ride back to our hotel I just remember us conning the driver to take us to Krysal's for some of them li'l chicken sammiches.  Then I crept in bed with Evermean and later passed out trying to beg for forgiveness..lol.  She was passed out, face-down in the pillow wondering why the hell Im slobbing on her saying, Im sorreh baby!  Dont keel meh.  Ill buy you anovah camruh!! I swear!  After thatFADE TO BLACK.  Day three..tomorrow!