The Savannah Experience - DAY ONE   I'm finally back from Savannah (as of Monday) and it took me a whole day to get myself back together after five days of complete savagery.  Will post pictures later on.  I don't even know where to begin with sharing my experience.  How bout I tell you who went first:   All together, there were fourteen.  Twelve girls and two guys.  Eight of us rode in a van, the others met us down there.  And the list goes:   Kiva - my cousin Turan - my male cousin  Teo - my sister Evermean Tini Keenya - longtime friend Sparkle - my play sister/hairdresser and me.  Five of our other girlfriends drove in momma's new station wagon :  Kera  Jamie Jeanie  Janet  Angie   And lastly, Kevin (drove alone) - Keenya's buddy.  I'd just met him.  So basically, 7 black girls, 2 black guys, 4 white girls, and 1 hispanic chick.  We were a bunch of mixed up professional drunks ready to set Savannah on fiyah!..lol  On our way there, we all had two contests going.  First, who would score the most beads and second, who would go the hardest (with partying).  We also had an agreement to clean up puke ONCE.    THURSDAY  - DAY ONE   We got there at around 10 am on Thursday morning.  By 11 am, all of us were at the floating bar (called the  urlLink Cockpit ) next to the hotel.  By no later than noon, we all were shitfaced, while getting acquainted with the buxom, southern belle-typed bartenders.  There was Rachel, a real sweetheart and  urlLink Brandy , your typical blonde with fake boobs, who was basically Carmen Electra type.  Brandy was a fucking maniac.   We sat at that bar and flirted with the Brandy and Rachel, got even more drunk and then made smalltalk with the neighborhood rednecks who were at the Cockpit for lunch.  They were basically floored at the fact that this mixed group of girls were hanging together, drunk, having fun and putting dollars in Brandy and Rachel's clothes.  THEY LOVED IT.  Them old bastards couldn't even eat lunch cuz they were too busy trying to see who's boobs they'd see next.  We leave the Cockpit and the first one went downTEO!  She threw up four times in a row and passed out.  Evermean was assigned clean-up duty.  Later on, we made our way down to River Street (including Teo) where all the weekend festivities were taking place.  Now imagine... all us chicks fuckin' plastered on our way to drink even more.  If anyone's ever gone to River Street during St. Patty's Day, they are familiar with  urlLink Wet Willies .  This is a place where they sell a popular slurpee drink called a  urlLink Call A Cab .  Why?  Because all you need is two and you're floored for the rest of the day (meaning, your ass betta call a cab cuz you can't last long).  They are made with a fruit punch mix and 190 proof grain alcohol (that you cannot taste).    First stop on River Street, guess where.....Wet Willies.  We just had to go there first.  Basically, we all had an average of two Call A Cabs and other unknown grain alcohol shots that will put you on your ass.  One thing about the world famous Call A Cabs is THE SHIT SNEAKS UP ON YOU.  You wont even know you're that  fucking drunk until well....it's too late.    After the evil slurpees took over...so did the party!  We walked around, took pictures and video taped our day, then we went to Hooters and had a hoola hoop contest with the Hooters girls for a few minutes.  Of course, Evermean and Kiva (our two perverts) tried to holla...lol.  Then Evermean started talking shit to this big assed redneck dude about how well she eats p**sy (why lawd?)  Sparkle and Kiva went over to another bar and rode one of those mechanical bulls and had errybody laughing.  Sparkle then rode some random dude all down river street.  His drunk ass was running around wiff Sparkle like a backpack while the onlookers took pictures and laughed.  Later on that night, we watched a new band called,  urlLink Greenwheel  (theyre album comes out on May 21).  They're pretty much like Incubus.  Very good band but I swear they are insane.  It was so wild.  They got up there and did their thang while all of us headbanged and popped our coochies in front of the whole crowd (cuz we wuz up front and drunk).   Sparkle ran up on stage and played video hoe for a second.  Evermean flirted with the lead singer and convinced them to sign her Greenwheel t-shirt.  The rest of us danced and humped on anybody who was interested while trying to score beads.  After the band finished, they had Kareoke and us girls got up there and sang Love Hangover by Diana Ross.  With our own last minute choreography.  Guess who sang lead?  LOL  Later on that night, we saw these guys breakdancing.  That's where it all went horribly wrong..LOL.  Why oh why did me, Teo and Sparkle get up on the little stage and start breakdancing with those guys (who were your typical raver/skater types).  Meanwhile, Evermean and Tini are knawing on grilled turkey legs and the rest of the girls are taking pictures laughing and shit.  I was so drunk, I don't even remember my big ass breakdancing on concrete.  I was told that I spun on my back and struck a pose in front of the whole crowd.  Then Teo and Sparkle busted out with their famous video hoe moves and then Sparkle picked up their donation box and started threatening all the people to pay these boys money for their talent.   Me and Evermean were way too drunk to stick around, so we snuck back to the room to "play"..lol  On the shuttle back to the hotel, we meet this couple.  Swingers!   We basically talked trash to them about how we may be interested in watching them go at it.  The husband fell in love with us and the wife was a major freak.  How bout they were in their fifties?  Fuckin old perverts.  They were telling us how they were gonna fuck the hell outta each other and Evermean was awf da, "Can we watch!??"...LOL  Me?  I was an innocent bystander (yeh right...lol).   When we got back to our hotel room, we ran into Kiva who was completely plastered.  She kept knocking on our door so once we opened it, she was standing there with nothing on but a t-shirt and draws.  Why did this fool take off her panties and twisted them around her head (like a helicopter) and ran back and forth OUTSIDE our door for all to see her cookies (our hotel was a motel style place.  the doors were on the outside)  The rest of the night went blank.  I'm guessing I passed out.  Day Two...coming tomorrow!