All Hail The Chunkster   I finally did it.  Posted my big ass on here..lol.  Notice exhibit A.....Large Marge.  The treadmill ain't a friend of mine, mkay?  Go head, throw darts at my pic or perhaps put it up on your fridge so all yall ex-dancers can see what can happen to you when you go too hard.  My suggestion is ...EFF DAT LIGHT!  Walk away from it!  I keep telling myself that imma do betta.  Kreg and Tini won't let me.  Evermean aint no help either.  She keep wakin' me up for feedin' time.  I think she just don't want nobody to want me...lol.  LMAO.  That can be a song, "She Don't Want Nobody to Want Me".  Yeh!  Wiffa tight assed hook dat says, "But they want me baby, don't hate the plaaaaaayyaaaaahhhh!!!" LOL  I'm losing sleep cuz you're witnessing absolute dilirium.  100%  Speaking of Absolut....I can't wait to wrap my paws around a cuppa evil.  Can't wait!  Starting tomorrow, I'll be a drunken madwoman lookin for niggas who ain't reddeh.  I oun think them Gawgah fools know what dey in fo'.     Evermean and I have an agreement.  Only ONCE will we clean up vomit.  ONCE!  She and I have only one time to get shitfaced, throw up and pass out and then have our better half clean it up.  I think I can limit myself to one puke.  Usually I don't call Earl when I drink (I call Kreg)...lol.  It's Evermean I'm worried about.  That girl can DRINK.  If I say they can, then they can...cuz imma functional drunk.  A bonafied bitch who be awf da juice..LOL.    We also have a contest on how many beads we can score.  I'm thinking I'll lose.  Last year, my lil sister and Evermean did some foul shit to get beads.  Shit I wouldn't do.  I ain't tongue kissin' nobody's husband.  Eff dat.  I'll hump anything.  But no tongue kissing.  A peck 'ill do ya.  Maybe I should have a contest for my blog readers and send the winner a set of beads.   I wont charge nuffin.  LOL  I'm really worried about my cousin  urlLink Kiva.   She makes all of us look like amateurs.  That's a walking, partying pervert right there.  She has no fear.  No gender or race is safe!   She's a nutball.  I'm sure no one will get locked up this year.  We managed to win over the police last year.  They are awf da cheese down there.  They'll lock you up if dey see one titty....LMAO.  No bullshit.  What do we do?  Pull out our titties in the alley..LOL  (I know yall think I'm losing it now)     Here are some  urlLink pictures from last year in Savannah .  Also, a  urlLink video  featuring our drunk asses.