End Of Week Update   I've decided to give up on the unemployment blues and hang out with Evermean.  That's where I've been since Tuesday this week.  After paying a GRIP for rent, I needed a break away from home and I'd missed seeing my lil poleece lady (Hadn't seen her all week).  Being in the suburbs is crazy!  I don't think I can ever get used to it again.  City living is soooo for me!  NO!  I haven't gone mad from the Osama song, BIRD...LOL.  My computer access has been limited since I've been out here so yall hold it down for meh.     My job search is still going on, but it bites!  I went on an interview last week that lasted two and a half hours.  How bout I interviewed with FIVE people and those bastards didn't even call me this week.  ARGH!!!!!  My gubment chex been payin' my rent so I guess it aint that bad..lol.  So many more people have been laid off.  What the hell is this?  Every time I run into someone, they tell me they got laid off.  My dad seems to think that it'll be even more difficult for women and minorities to find work (they'll get a triple whammy with me...black...female..lezbo...lol).  Awf da back to square one.  Thanks Osama.  Lots of these companies are either trying to survive or folded.  I'm fairly smot..lol, how come a sista aint got no job yet?  I've got my "foot soldiers" out awf da word of mouth trying to land me a gig.  Hopefully one will come up real soon.     We're going to GEORGIA on Wednesday!  When I say imma party like a gotdayum fool, I ain't lying yall.  I mean I'm gonna drink as much likka as a big girl can hold.  I'mma find the craziest mofo's in the crowd and challenge they asses to a public hump party.. Eff it!  Plus it's me and Evermean's birthday coming up too?  (hers is the 13th, mine is the 23rd)  Man oh man!  Tini, Evermean, my sister, my hairdresser, and some other crazy chix are all going down to Savannah for serious tomfoolery.  Yes!  Three big girls and broke down video hoes...lol.  Dassa party.  We will take pictures that I WILL POST.     Anyway, I'm aight.  Will holla....definitely next week.