Late Night Flashback: File #005   My brother and I were latch key kids when we were little.  My parents were very strict and had ridiculous rules for us to follow once we arrived home from school.  Go straight home.  Don't turn on the stove.  Don't let anyone in the house.  Don't leave the house.  Don't turn on the television until they got home (to check our homework/chores).  Don't tie up the phone (back then, no call waiting).  And NO FIGHTING (yeh right).  We're thinking...WHAT DA HELL IZ WE GON' DO?  My brother was a chump, but bad as hell.  Me being the older, more responsible one, had to watch him (wiffout beating him half to death) and call on mamma if there was ever a problem.  One day, we hadda problem.  But we aint call nobody..lol   I had this friend (best friend at the time) who was BAD.  The neighborhood bully.  She was my age, went to elementary school with us, and lived downstairs in our apt. building.  Also a latch key kid.  One difference.  Her mother let her do whatever the hell she wanted to do.  So everyday on the school bus ride home, she'd try to convince me and my brother to sneak downstairs to her house and play with her.  I'll call her Shawty (she was erry bit of 4' tall).  Shawty's mother was way overweight.  Me and Shawty were overweight kids.  My brother.  His ass was just greedy.  My parents didn't have cool foods like Doritos and Oreo cookies cuz our asses were too poor to afford them.  Imagine.  Not being able to cook.  No cool snacks.  All we had were those silly assed waffle cookies. You know the ones that came a hunnit inna pack...vanilla, strawberry, and chocolate..fo 99 cents.  ICK!  Let's not forget the 59 cent bag of Bon Ton potato chips that erry liquor store in the hood had.  (The bar-b-que ones is bomb doe..lol)  Anyway, this particular day my brother and I were hungrier than usual.  Shawty kept propositioning us to come and join the buffet at her place so we snuck out of the apt and went downstairs to her house.  Note: Our apts. faced the parking lot.  My dad drove a dark green dodge dart with squeeky brakes and we could hear him when he parked the car.  Our apt. building also had a back stairwell in addition to the one up front so bro and I would just haul ass up the back stairs to beat my dad (coming up the front stairs) in the house.  We go to shawty's house.  Man this chick's mom was a grocery shopping fool!  She had errything from ten bags of chips to a 100 count box of Murry's hamburgers.  First off, my brother wanted a hamburger and Shawty cooked him about 4 cuz he said he'd eat them all wiff his greedy ass.  She cooked them (I'm standing there amazed that she could light her stove) and my brother downed all 4 plus french fries.  After we all finished eating, we get the bright idea to play,  "Let's Mix Errything We Can Find And Make a Potion".   We took every spice in the cabinet, every food item in the fridge (eggs and all), vinegar, hot sauce, milk, flour, sugar and mixed that shit up in a pot.  Shawty wanted to cook it so we did that too.  Meanwhile, my stupid brother is doubled over in the kitchen corner whining about his stomach hurting (figures).  Shawty and I rechecked all the cabinets to make sure we didn't forget something.  That's when we discovered a bottle of Saccarin pills.  Don't ask me why our dumb asses decided to pour the entire bottle of pills into the boiling pot of shit, but we did.  The "potion" bubbled, bubbled some more and then BOOM!  It exploded all over her mom's kitchen.  There was shit all over the appliances and walls.  We done blew up da kitchen.  My brother couldn't take the sight of things and guess what?  He threw up all over himself.  So I'm standing there watching it all.  Kitchen blewd up wiff shit and bro covered in it.  Lawd why?  Suddenly, we hear the squeeking sound of my father's breaks.  It's my fava!  Mary Sweet Mutha Jesus!  We gots to run!   I snatched my brother by the collar and we ran as fast as we could up the back steps.  Shawty's blown cuz we leff her kitchen in such a mess.  Finally upstairs, in the apt., I take my brother and quickly rip his shirt off and hide it under my mattress (that was my favorite hiding place as a kid).   My dad walks in and didn't notice a thing.  WHEW!      I leave for school the next day wondering if Shawty is gonna try and fight me...awf da bus, for leaving her house wiffout helping her.  See..we had to beat each other to death one day (cuz she was bullying me) and ended up almost killing each other.  That's how we became best friends.  But this day, I thought I was gon hafta fight her ass again.  Didn't happen.  It just brought us closer cuz the shit was so funny.  We simply made up..said our "sorries" and laughed for the rest of the day.  For the rest of the school year, that's how my brother and I scored food.  Over Shawty's house.  To this day, her mother still refers to us as Them Greedy Assed Kids.  Gotta start somewhere...LOL