Recent Events   Shit on my end has been kinda up and down.  A little bit of this and a little bit of that.  Tanya (our selected roommate) bailed on us.  Apparently, her best friend is moving to DC so she wants to wait.  Right now we have four people to choose from.  We'll see what happens.  My little pumpkin faced niece, Tayah was in the hospital last week with an unknown infection in her blood.  She ended up at Children's for two days.  Scared the hell outta us. Turns out, she just had an odd strain of the stomach virus.  Thank God for that cuz she's okay.  I got blasted out of my head last Saturday with a young chick friend of mine.  That was a riot cuz I ain't even know my name and ended up passing out in all of my clothes (bout time bitch!)...LOL.    Still at Evermean's.  We're both a little paranoid now thinking one of us is tired of the other.  I'm thinking she's tired of me being here.  She's thinking I'm tired of being here and want to go home.  Psycho chicks no doubt.  Both of us.  Stone crazy.    My ex-boss and former techno dwarf is moving to NY next week.  He just got laid off and is awf da fuck DC.  I told him to give my regards to  urlLink Big Shoulders  before he leaves.  GIVE MY REGARDS TO BRAAAAAAWWD BACK!!!!  LOL  I should roll up there and catch a glimpse of the wilderbeast in action.  Anyway, Sunday we're gonna get trashed one last 'gin.  I'mma miss dat fool.    I have a secret to share with yall.  I'M A BONAFIED SIMS FREAK.  Been playing it for about 2 years now.  But I'm deeply saddened cuz my House Party CD is fucked.  See, what had happened wuz I be downloadin' a rack of shit and one of the stores I got made my whole Sims game crash.  I had to reinstall Sims, House Party, Hot Date, and Vacation only to find out that House Party was corrupt.  GRRRRRRRR!  I done lost all of my houses and shit.  My families are just hanging out on my Windows Explorer waiting for me to fix their hood.  So now I gotta buy a new House Party CD and start all over.  The Sims is soooo addictive.  And yall know I created some crazy assed characters and had them doing all types of shit.  Killed a few. Beat the hell out of a few.  Lost a cupla kids.  Disfunction.  Love it!    Other than that, I'm still chillin'.  The job interview I had went well, but the trick ain't call me back.  What did I do?  Sent a "nice" little letter demanding an explanation as to why I haven't been notified, turned down or selected (she leff me hangin'..lol).  The interview rocked and the job was cool.  A little challenging, but not impossible.  So I sent her a little note.  Tactfully done, I might add.  You can't win.  Either you don't take enough interest and initiative during an interview or you do all of your homework, ask lots of questions and end up intimidating the fuck out of the person who's doing the hiring.  Cuz they're afraid you'll take their job.  I'll take any job at this point.  As long as I don't have to touch feet or get nekkid..LOL.