Mad at TV   This lightbox blows me sometimes.  There's some wild shit in there man.  Since I've become domesticated, I've been left to do nothing but spend hours in front of two lightboxes: the computer and the TV.  My computer is my baby, so I won't complain, but TV.....be awf dat.  I LOVE THE OSBOURNES!  LOVE THEM.  I wanna live there wiff Sharon and nem.  That family is funny as hell yall.  Please watch it if you haven't already.  Ozzy is burnt, the kids are assholes, and Sharon is the funniest white woman I know.  I wish my mama would do some of the shit she pulls off.  Imagining my childhood with a mother like her makes the hairs on my back stand up..lol.  Piss in his Jack Daniels mama!   LMAO!   HBO had the third part to Hookers at the Point.  FUNNY!  My mouth flew open when the School Teacher had loss all her top teeth.  LOL!  And the chick from DC is in the PEN-A-TEN-TA-REE.   Wild!  I'm still trying to shake off the shock from Southern Comfort.  Slow process.  They have a lot of sex on Queer As Folk.  Always humping somebody, man.  Music videos make me ill.  I can't watch them no mo'.  Tweet looks like a burnt praying mantis.  Missy Elliot needs to rebuke them rhinestone jean outfits.  I could choke the hell outta Naz' little boy looking ass.  [Here I go!  lol]  Ashanti is so stinkin' cute.  But I swear black radio and video channels wear her out.  Question: Wussup wiff Busta Rhymes hair?  Is that a triple threat hair peace he's rockin?  I can't figure out if he wants a fade, dreds, or cornrows.  Hmm..don't know.   I love Pink's sexy ass, but um....punk rock trailer Barbie ain't cute this time.  But imma tell yall who makes my stomach hurt so bad I can't even swallow: SHAKIRA!  Oh Shakira just one night girl.  Una noche mamita..LOL   I get lost in her hips.  Somebody reel me back in.  Please!  Incubus' video for Nice To Know You makes me think of W.P.L. and A.A.T., my ex pieces.  I like those little nappy headed white boys.   For real, I'm ready for Janet and Trina to buss out with another video.  I wanna see da booties wigglin..LOL     But yeh, TV got me by the throat.  And sweeps week is here!   I'm sure Jerry Springer will have some fat woman making love to a pumpkin pie or some broke down fool trying make midgets turn tricks out the back of his double wide.   What a treat that'll be.  Trash TV..gotta love it...LOL