Feelin' Uneasy   Kinda in an "interesting place" as of late.  Things are sort of piling up and sometimes get to be too much, pumpkin..lol.  I took a break from the blog world cuz I'm mostly known for my antics.  My serious side isn't at all entertaining so I was awf da eff it.  Thanks for the emails though.  They were cool.     Tini and I have decided to bring in another roommate.  Our first chick bailed on us and now is on the Martini's Most Wanted list...lol.  Tuesday night we interviewed two candidates that answered an ad in the paper.  Tanya and Nick.  We're really feeling Tanya cuz she's way cool and definitely "fits the profile" for who we'd like to have living with our crazy asses.  Nick was a little 'to the left'.  A Capitol Hill dude who was sort of like into politics and seriously liberal issues.  (yawn).  Tanya was young, sweet, nice, and pretty.  From as she put it, "A little dinky town in Ohio", she's here cuz she landed a job in DC, while going to GW.  Tini and I pretty much asked both of them trick questions and Tanya winged them all.  She seemed very easy to get along with and her only issue was if we'd be upset about her getting hair in the sink.  "Um no..Tanya..just clean the shit up..basically"..lol  Of course Evermean was there too and at first she didn't want to be a part of the whole Tini-and-Nona-handlin'-bidness stuff so she stayed in my room.  I asked her to come out and meet Tanya (Nick too) and the first thing out of her mouth afterwards was, "Man!  She's hot!  Pick her!".  I said, "Yeh, that's what I said"..lol  Freaks.  Tanya is hot.  Definitely.  Nice dimples.  Nice smile.  I asked her how she felt about lifestyles in terms of sexual orientation and she goes, "I don't care.  My brother's gay".  PERFECT.  I then told her I was down with the Munch-a-Bitch Mafia but I assured her that I (nor Evermean) would chase her around the coffee table.  She cracked up laughing.  [I was serious]  Not really my bag.  Chasin' wimmen.  Especially making straight girls feel uncomfortable.  Not me.  Big respect to the straight girls.  Plus we may have to live together..so you know...best behavior type shit.  I told her just don't run around in her panties, cuz we don't run around in ours.  "Um..please don't be awf dat Real World shit cuz dass nasty."  Again, she cracked up..LOL.  Tini and I thought we sorta freaked her out with our antics and lack of seriousness (we were basically serious about two things: Rent on time and respect for privacy).  So we didn't know if she'd buy it and wanna come live with us.  Plus we told her we had crazy friends who crashed on our futon (occassionally..drunk) and we threw about three parties a year (that get sort of wild and naked).   She didn't seem to mind.  Yesterday, she emailed Tini saying that she was way interested.  So hopefully we'll go with her.  We gotta few more folks to interview this week so we'll see.     I know some of yall are saying, "How is it that you can bring a highly attractive, young woman into your house and you have a girlfriend?"  Um...two words: I cut.  Anymore questions?..lol   Nah seriously, I don't trip off that stuff.  Evermean isn't that kinda person and if she was, she wouldn't disrespect my house or our friendship.....that much I know.  Besides, all I gotta tell a chick is to back off ONE TIME.  And she's mine after that..LOL.  Tanya didn't seem like the type anyway.  So no worries.  I'm pretty self-absorbed so other brawds don't intimidate me plus I'm not an insecure psycho bitch who dwells on shit like that.     Let's see, what else?  I'm having a dry season.  Translation: No alcohol.   Why?  I don't know.  Blown I guess.  Evermean and I went to see the strippers a few weeks ago and a half hour later, both of us looked at each other, put our beers down and said, "You ready to go?"..LOL  What da hell?  Me and Evermean don't wanna see nekkid wimmen?  Who have we become???!!!   I haven't partied since Georgia.  My friends think I'm acting very strange.  Me too.  Evermean asked me to stay with her all month, so that's where I've been most of the time.  Housewifin' and shit.  Cooking dinner, cleaning, and bunnin' up.  Plus it's hot as balls outside now and I'm not reddeh.  My wardrobe sux monkey nuts.  So I'm awf da June Cleaver like a mug.     Had an interview on Tuesday.  Went well, but I aint gon' say nuffin.  Will wait and see.  I'm officially on the unemployment extension program.  A bitch is still collecting checks (while coughing up most of it for rent...lol).  Two weeks ago I was on the Back to Ghetto plan.  Yall know it well.  Ramen noodles, Kool-Aid, and Judge Judy.  But a bitch had spare change to buy a pack of jacks..LOL.  Wont run to mom and dad (hell naw).  I'm waiting (with Evermean) for her to get paid..lol.  So we wuz broke.  I even considered selling some of my stock.  Now that's bad..LOL.  I think I'll hock my jewelry (or 100 pairs of shoes) first.  Got an offer to become an illegal pharmacudical distributor awf da, "But Nona...you aint gotta stand on the corner.  They'll come to you."  Naw man. I roll wiff da po po.  Eff dat.  Plus pipeheads make me ill.  Started considering stripping (for women), but I soon realized I didn't get extra credit for having two stomachs.  DAMMIT TO HELL!   I don't think I could do that anyway.  Maybe, but doubt it.  Stripping for women is so much easier I think.  No nasty men's groping at you or salivating awf da Buddy Love.  Ick!  But I still haven't learned how to pop one butt cheek at a time.  No clap control either.  Plus my big ass would kill somebody trying to swing around that pole.    I'll leave stripping up to the professionals.  Maybe next time after I auction off my kangaroo pouch.     Please somebody tell me they saw Southern Comfort on HBO!  Please tell me you saw it.  WHAT THE HELL??!!  I've never in my whole life seen anything like that.  I've seen gender benders, but that was [insert adjective here].  Way too much!!     Honorable mention:  urlLink Erica ,  urlLink Alissa , and  urlLink Tracy .  I luh yall little blog chicas.  Thanks for showing me love.  WELCOME BACK TRACY.  I MISSED YOU DAMMIT!