Outward Bound   Jeez Louise!  It seems like forever since I came back up in this piece!  I feel like I fell off and couldn't get up.  LOTS OF SHIT IS HAPPENIN'.  I don't know where to begin:   The addition  Tini and I finally selected a new roommate (that actually worked out) and she's since moved in.  Last Wednesday was her first day at the ol' House of Martini and boy oh boy did she get broken in..LOL.  I'll call her Sunshine (soon to be Sunshine Martini - if she makes the cut..lol).  Sunshine was raised in Portland, Oregon but she's lived in Seattle and now her family is in Raleigh, NC.  A recent NC State grad, she moved to DC to find independence, a place to live, and a job.  Tini and I had become really frustrated cuz the bozos who interviewed for the room either bailed or were freaks.  That's until ol' Sunshine rolled up.  I wasn't home when Tini interviewed her, but why oh why did she show up to view the apt. DRUNK!  She's basically a fresh-out-of-college chick who's parents are strictly religious, and now she's taking DC by storm.  WE LOVE HER!!!   Tini called me right away to say that Sunshine was our IT GIRL.  Last Wednesday, homegirl moved in.  She just landed a job and her folks are gonna cough up the rent money until she's stablized.    Meanwhile, I moved back home after staying with Evermean for two months so I've had the chance to get to know our new roommate.  She's such a breath of fresh air.  I fell in love with her open and sparkly personality on the first night.  She drinks (among other things..lol), parties, and really doesn't give a crap about too much.  Seems pretty clean and responsible and her fucking sense of humor is off the chain.  She's only been with us a week and we've all (already) gotten crunk, drunk, and had our weekly Fat Girl Sunday (an old House of Martini tradition of eating a shitload of food after being hungover).  Magenta and Evermean like her and she fits in perfectly.  More on Sunshine later.  Moving home  I had a blast with Evermean.  Our relationship is so much stronger now (but I gotta tell yall sumpthin later), and she's the reason why I didn't fall into a self-destructive pit of depression.  Thanks to Evermean, I didn't have to sit outside with a sign or sell my ass.  We had hard times some weeks, but all in all it was the best.  At this point, not only do I love her more than life, I feel like I owe her the world.  Never once did I have to worry while I was there with her.  [psycho murderer mode begins here]  The Ex's  This weekend is DC Black Gay Pride.  Basically any black person or person of color, gay, bi, trans, whatever...comes to DC to party for four days.  It's a weekend of pure mayhem in the black community.  Evermean's ex gf is here.  Okay first she didn't even announce her plans to come here, because she plays head games with Evermean awf da black Vanna and shit.  Secondly, she called thinking that shit was gonna be all gravy between her and Evermean.  Yeh, that may be true on the ol' friend front, but Evermean has a woman now who don't have shit to lose and aint got no prollem gettin a record..feel me?  Nah yung!  Hell naw!  Yeh, I understand that they need to settle some shit (cuz her ex has been in Italy for over a year), and yeh, they need to give back ol' shit.  BUT NO she aint bout to be awf da "lemme buss up in here" status.  I'm back home now, but I will be at Evermean's house this entire weekend (as usual).  Shit aint gonna change just cuz ol' birdface decides to grace us with her appearance.  It has been brought to my attention that birdface is a shock value whore.  Real funny.  She aint met a SHOCK VALUE WHORE until she's met me.  It looks like she'll be coming to Evermean's house on Sunday.  Guess what?  [insert your guess here]  I'll post an update later.  I'm sure it'll be extra entertaining and I'll even consider putting it in my Late Night Flashback archives for shits and giggles.  All Imma say is this....she oun know.....  Plus I may go out tonight or Sunday night and I HOPE I RUN INTO HER...oh joy!!!  My ex called me out of the blue one night and we actually talked for over an hour.  Things are better between us.  She doesn't think I'm an evil sleuth anymore.  Evermean is still on kick-ass standby..lol.  I'm thinking me and the ex are aight now.  She just gotta come git the rest of her shit out my house..LMAO.  Job Status  Imma keep this one short.  Temping.  Turned down permanent opportunity with this place cuz I'd be a high paid bitch.  It's an EA position reporting to the director of the entire office.  Keywords: 25% personal assistant.  I DON'T THINK SO.  Kiss my ass.  Get your own coffee.  Deal with your own kids muhfukka.  Pick up your own drycleaning.  They can't offer me enough money to do that.  Eff dat Girl Friday bullshit.  I got a brain.   So I'm there indefinitely (on temporary bitch status....but they PAYIN' me..lol) until they find a perm.  Had another interview for a graphics production manager.  Went well.  The lady was a freak and the production crew is GHETTO, but they PAYIN well..lol.  Then I got a call from a design firm wanting to talk to me about a web position.  That's next Tuesday so we'll see.  Hair  Rockin a fake ponytail.  Why?!!!!  Twists got old and played out.  Too many chickens got em.  Tried to stay away from weave, but dey got me.  Gettin my hair done tomorrow morning (unless I change my mind..lol)  Weaves suck ass!  My hair has grown considerably but I want more volume and length.   Eff it!    Money  Unemployment (extenstion program)...Evermean.....I sold my diamond tennis bracelet to an Indian dude (for cash) right before Mother's Day....My building had a community yard sale last Sat. and I sold lots of shoes/clothes/other random shit.  Made 60 bux..LOL.  Sold my stock.  Now, I'm getting a paycheck and Sunshine's moving in has helped bring my portion of the rent back down to 600.  Sweet!    I guess my posts will be more frequent.  That's if I don't get locked up for cracking Evermean's ex girfriend.  Officially entering....I DONT GIVE A FUCK MODE.