My little Hammo girl is so cute.  Man I swear, I could just hug her all day.  See she lives in Australia and had plans to visit me in Oct.  Now that the terror and tragedy has striken our home turf, she still wants to come here just to vist me!  How crazy is that?  I live in friggin DC!!!!  What is she, some sort of adrenaline freak?  So I insist that she stays her lil fine ass down under and her reply was, "I'll just pay for you to come here and you won't have to worry about any money either."  Okay yes, that sounds like the perfect idea.  Just run big girl..just run!  Leave your friends, leave your partner, leave your family, and run as far as you can from the 'hood.  I'll not have it!  No way Jose!  First of all, I'm no punk.  I mean I dont have any weapons in my house and the best defense I have is these two "swoled up" fists o' mine.  If someone tries to personally hurt me, I can at least steal them with a roundhouse kick chaser.  That's all a big girl got.  But I will not flee my country like some refugee-gone-bad!  No!  No! No!  Plus I'm not flying ANYTIME SOON!   Nuh uh!  If I gots to bus it or hop the train to my destinations, so be it.   On the up side, I'm sure Australia would be so nice.  First of all. last call is at 5am and she lives on the Gold Coast.  That would be the Australian equivalent to Miami Beach.  Can you see my big ass laid out on some beach with a roo sammich and a blooming onion?  Yeh baby!  Okay, just so yall freaks know, for the record, blooming onions are unheard of in my Hammo girl's community.  So screw Outback Steakhouse for the propaganda.  Fight the power!  lol   For now we'll continue emailing each other and paying high phone bills.  That's good enough for now.  When I go to AU, this blog will gain so much popularity because I'll do all that I can to make an impression on that country.  Not to mention party my back out and freak all the wimmenz..LOL  Note (for protection): When I say "freak", I simply mean dance frivolously *wink*