Blogspot Check-In   Sorry yall.  But I had to go to my hiding place for a minute.  Still unemployed.  Chex ran out a few weeks ago so I had to go sign up for the Bush 13-week extension.  Drats.  Waiting in line with the rest of the "soup line" is so degrading.  Went on about 4 more interviews since.  If I take one more MS Office, PhotoShop, or HTML test, I'm gonna puke.   Waiting to hear from 3 of them.   Been waiting now for over a week.  Tini and I are still interviewing roommates.  Met a few basket cases, but have 3 candidates to choose from.  My hair is so wrong.  Took my twists out and am now rockin a fake ponytail.  Oh the horror!!  I gotta wait until my hairdresser becomes available.    I spent last weekend in Philly because a producer friend asked me to be the backstage manager for his fashion show.  I should've stayed my ass home.  Basically I got into a heated argument (that almost turned into a fist fight) with a not so butch male model who was pissed cuz nobody would do his makeup.  Then I had it out with a parent cuz she wanted to come backstage.  To top that off, the "models" got on my nerves.  I've done runway shows for over 10 years....makeup, backstage mgmt., modeling, and teaching girls how to walk.  But I never dealt with a bunch of females so ditzy in my entire fucking life.  These chix were just DUMB.  "What are wings?"...that was the dumbest question of the day..LOL.   "What's stage right?"  I could've choked a few of them.  Especially the ones who thought that my job was to dress them and be their personal assistant.  Um no bitch!  My job is to make sure your fat asses (it was a full-figured show) are out on stage on time..mkay?   My job is to make sure your dumb ass knows your ques aight?   Da fuck I look like being somebody's dresser.  Xcuse me!  Then one chick took her shoes off right in the wings for the rest of the girls to trip over..like she was a diva.  LOL  She got cussed out by yours truly..lol.  I was so exhausted by the time the two shows were over.  Got paid and rolled out.  Philly got some cute asses black folks though.  Women and men!   We went to Sistas the lesbo club one night.  That was interesting cuz I got cruised by a little white girl..LOL.  She walked up to me and said, "You are shooo beauthiful.  Are you here with anyone?"  (in her drunken slur)..yep...she was lookin thru beer googles cuz I was a broken down mess..LOL.  I had to turn her away cuz I don't want no trubba.  Evermean will have my neck.  So yeh, I've got two interviews tomorrow.  We shall see.  Blogging hasn't been something I've wanted to do lately.  Besides, I'm enjoying quality time with Evermean..being a cooking, cleaning, @#$%ing housewife.  I've missed yall though.