Another Holiday in the Hood   I knew it.  I knew it!  My family can't handle holidays. They are nuts.  First of all, one of my brother's "boys" got married on Friday.  So he went with another friend of his.  But they had a plan.  My brother wore a white suit with green gators and a green iced out gator belt.  Then he had the nerve to get my mother to press and spiral curl his hair.....like Snoop.  What da?  Of course I wasn't there but my sister gave me the play by play.  My brother's hair is pretty long cuz he wears cornrows on the daily.  His friend's hair is like way beyond his shoulders.   Bro drives a white caddy with 20-inch rims and a sound system that'll blow up a block (yall know the ones).  So they get all dressed up for this wedding.  My sister said his friend wore his hair flat ironed with a black dob (and feather), sportin a black suit.  Of course my mother felt so proud dat she done pressed their hair and made them look what she called, "sharp".  Oh God.  My sister said that when they walked out the house, Tony in spiral curls (and green gators) and Coyote with flat ironed hair (and a dob), the neighborood chickens are all on the curb yelling, "Dang!  Yall look good as a muhfukka!"  Meanwhile, my father trying no to fall down the porch steps cuz he's laughing at these two clowns.    So they go to the wedding blah blah blah.  When they got out of the caddy (looking like that), they said the wedding party erupted in laughter cuz they couldn't believe they pulled that stunt.  Then my sister said, "Yeh, both of them wore their S.O.S's."  Special Occasion Suits.  Yall know.  Thugs only got one suit for special occasions.  Court, funerals, and weddings.  LOL!!!!!!!   My sister said when Coyote left, he looked like a  urlLink Bone Thug .  When he got back (the humidity took its toll) and he looked like  urlLink Slash  from Guns N Roses.  LMAO!!!!!!!  [flatline]  I laughed so hard cuz I wish I saw that shit.  I can't believe my brother went out Detroit style?  So yall know he got joaned out when I saw him on Sunday.     Okay yeh on Father's Day we were supposed to take my dad out to dinner.  He aint wanna go cuz he was too tired from being in church all morning.  He just wanted us to go get some takeout and we could chill watching movies, etc.  My mom insists on Popeye's.  No mama!  She drags me to Popeye's with her and commences to break bad with the chick at the drive thru window (for my DC folks)...IN SEAT PLEASANT!  You just don't do that!  She keeps yelling at the poor girl thru the intercom, "I sed a 15 piece!  I'm not gonna say it again!".  Why mama?  I'm sitting there covering my face like mama gon have me windmillin' at Popeye's on Fava's Day.  Please Lord no!  We get back ..WIFF OUR 15 PIECE.  All good.  And I'm pissed cuz mama wanna introduce me to the new Nigerian man at the Amoco.  Like I care!  She awf da, "Diss my ol'ist!  You aint know I had a daughter this big didja?"  I'm thinking,  What you mean this big?!     All the while, the little ugly African man is grinnin from ear to ear awf da, "Hullooooooo daughter".  I said (wiff my mean and surly ass), "Can I just get a pack of Marboro Lights please?"  I can't believe my mother sometimes.  She needs meds.  Find a date at the Amoco.  UGH!  My brother has the neighborhood crackhead changing his rims cuz he's taking his son to Disneyworld and he don't wanna get jacked on the road.  Understood.  I'm sitting downstairs watching a movie with my dad and I hear, "Boy!  You betta git cho butt down there and git a piece of chicken!"  The crackhead comes stumbling downstairs awf da, "Yo mama making me getta chicken wing."  [stunned]  Applejack done came to dinna.  WHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYY??????!  He leaves and I get a plate to eat.  Then my father hits me with the, "You betta slow down for you end up wiff diabetes."  Dayum dad!  Fuck up my meal why dontcha!  He basically told me that I need to lose weight or I'll be plagued with typical black folk stuff like high blood presshuh and suga.  Thanks pops.  Then Evermean comes over and he says, "Imma take you and Nona down to the track and make yall run.  Yeh, I'll follow yall wiff my car...make sure yall get cha exercise"  Dere he go.  Telling us (in his own way) that we're too fat and need to lose weight.  So Evermean and I go outside (away from my crazy assed father) and meet up with my mother.  Before we leave, mom tells us how she's so excited they're going to the beach this weekend.  Good for you mom.  Then she says, "Yeh!  Yo daddy gon be awf da wobble wobble when I get thoo wit him."  Meanwhile, she's simulating these god awful humping moves outside on the curb.  Me and Evermean sped off.  Both stunned.  Now you see why holidays are awf dat with my folks?  They are certifiably crazy.