The Hot Dog Man & R. Kelly's Cousins   As stated earlier, we are on 95 to Jersey.  Evermean, the girls and I stop at Chesapeake House to grab a bite to eat.  We get our food, sit down and The Hot Dog Man had a fit.  At the table next to us were three older ladies and a man.  The ladies had their food from Burger King and the dude went crazy right there in the food court.  Why was he throwing a fit because da hot dogs weren't ready and he wanted one.  He started yelling things like, "I'm pissed!  I want a damned hot dog!", "This is ridiculous!  The hot dogs aren't ready!  The ones that are are burnt!"  Evermean and I just looked at each other. I'm thinking this dude is crazy.  It's only a hot dog AT A REST STOP.  Jeez!  So the one lady goes, "Calm down.  You're making a scene."  He goes, "I don't give a shit!  I'm angry!  I want a hot dog cuz I'm friggin hungry right now!"  He then folds his arms {like a 2-year old) and pouts right there in front of everyone.    Evermean and her sisters are sort of sophisticated when it comes to being in public.  I'm straight ghetto when it's called for.  I know all the rules about conducting oneself in public, but somebody needed to tell him to shut the fuck up. It's only a hot dog for crying out loud.  We couldn't even eat in peace.  So again, he yells, "I'm hungry gotdammit!  I want a hot dog!".  I shoot him the eye and for the life of me, I wanted to say, "If you dont get your happy ass up and grab a chicken dinna.....I'mma lose it!"  This dude was actually throwing a tantrum right there in public.  Meanwhile, Evermean's two sisters (16 & 17) are giggling their heads off.  Finally we leave the place cuz The Hot Dog Man was bout to catch it.  We go outside to the parking lot and I'm spaced out, not really paying attention.  Evermean suddenly says to me, "Imma fuck these dudes up!  They keep looking at my sisters."  I'm looking around and low & behold, I catch a shot of the two bozos she's talking about.  One looked like a broke down Wyclef (if that makes any sense..lol) and the other one looks like Bizzy Bone.  Both of them are grown assed men trying to holla at little high school girls.  Evermean's sisters are very pretty.  But they're young.  So the one dude goes, "How yaaaaaaaah doin?"  Evermean makes us get in the car huffing and puffing..lol.  Then he knocks on Evermean's window trying to talk to the girls.  So my dumb, loud ass goes, "Back off!  They are minors!  16&17, okay?!"  "Don't pull an R. Kelly out here man"  He's looking at me all disoriented while his boy done got in his truck.   So I say again, "These are little girls, man!"  Evermean is so embarassed, she pulls off.  Why I lean toward the window and yell, "SAVE YOURSELVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"    That shit was funny.  The girls now think Evermean's not the psycho sister...I am.  LOL  Yep.  Yall dont even know how I used to embarrass my sisters back in the day.  I can be the older sister from hell..LOL