Late Night Flashback File # I Don't Fucking Remember   As you may know, we wuz po kids.  Most of the time we didn't get to enjoy new technologies or products of the 70's.  It was like anything that came out back then was instantly the enemy cuz we'd never see it.  Simple shit like tape recorders, color TVs, and yes...no wax floors.....   I had a married-in aunt who lived in the "better part of the county" and had a nice house.  She used to babysit us on weekends while my parents either worked or partied.  This particular weekend, my cousin Rodney from NJ joined us.  The one thing that fascinated me about her house was SHE HAD NO WAX FLOORS!  I remember watching Mop N Glo commercials only dreaming what it would be like to catch a glimpse of one.  Just to feel how smooth and shiny they were was in itself a treat.  We had boring apartment floors.  You know the cheap tiles that came in fake wood or standard white.  No wax ones were not in our 5-year family plan.  Not even close.    This particular evening, my aunt Lola had to do her weekend grocery shopping.  She hadn't gotten a chance to do so earlier cuz my parents were awf da, "less drop da kids awf early tonight".  So me, my brother, and my cousin Rodney stay home with my other two cousins who lived there.  Aunt Lola had the coolest no-wax floors.  They were yellow and orange kitchen ones.  We couldn't go outside, couldn't play Intelivision so what do we do?  Make up our own form of fun.  The original plan was for my cousins to finish unloading the dishwasher before my Aunt Lola got back home.  Didn't happen.  They left it wide open and decided to play along with us.  We come up with a great idea to remove our shoes and socks, douse the floor with dishwashing liquid and water and play  Slip N Slide .  Perfect idea right?  We could slide ourselves to glory for the hour Lola was gone.  We played and played until we started going daredevil style.  Sliding from great distances, spinning and shit.  That's where it went so wrong.  My cousin Rodney slid and fell.  But he fell into the open door of the dishwasher (where all the silverware was sticking up) and landed hands down onto the dishwasher door.  Everyone froze thinking he'd broken something.  No.  We soon realized the horror on his face was because he'd landed on a butcherknife and pretty much stabbed himself in the hand.  Oh good lord!   It gets better.  His hand is stuck on the blade and he's afraid to pull it back.  Meanwhile, we're all standing there wiff soppy clothes examining the damage while he tries to hold back a cry.  Rodney done gone mute!  He's in shock!   While we're trying to remember what we'd learned in first aid class about shock, my Aunt Lola gets home a discovers the mayhem.  In her calm little June Cleaver voice, she goes, "What have you done child?  My goodness, you've stabbed yourself in the hand."  No shit Lola.  We've only been investigating first aid techniques for the past 15 minutes ya moron!  She sends us to another room and takes Rodney in hers.  After a few minutes, Rodney is sitting on the bed, faced glazed over with, you guessed it....a Band-Aid on his hand.  I'm thinking..  a fucking Band-Aid ?!!!  You gotta be kidding me. He's gonna die and bleeve to death!  Not my favorite cousin!  NO!!!!!!!!!  Diss bitch done loss her mind.    We should've known something was wrong with her cerebral area considering the countless,  How To Raise a Baby  books on the bookshelf.  I tried to console ol' Rodney with my usual happy antics.  But he wouldn't talk.  Wouldn't say one word to me.  Of course I'm thinking (thanks to my paranoid mom's thinking tactics) that he done got a blood clot in his hand that has gone to his brain and will soon die.  Ol' Cousin Rodney ain't gon make it.  Life is so unfair.  So I storm into the makeshift tent that we made, back in my other cousin's room and cry my eyes out.    My parents get back, as did Rodney's mother, my Aunt Mae.  Aunt Mae don't play.  She's a professional up north cusser.  And once she caught a shot of that Band-Aid, she went effin mad.   She goes, "What kind of dumbass are you Lola?  How the fuck can you put a Band-Aid on a stab wound?!"  "You shoulda taken him to the hospital, ya dumb bitch!"  She kept yelling, "Rodney!  Talk to me!  Answer me dammit!"  Meanwhile, my paranoid mom is screaming, "Aw lawd, the boy done gone in shock!  Call da ammalance!"  I'm crying buckets thinking the Rodster isn't gonna make it and my Aunt Mae is gonna donkey kick my Aunt Lola's stupid ass.  It took my dad and my uncle to stop Mae from beating the dogshit outta Aunt Lola.  Rodney went to the hospital, got stitches and pretty much sulked himself to sleep.  We gotta beatin' for fuckin wit no wax floors and Lemon Fresh Joy.  Then they told us how dangerous knives were and beat our asses again.  I'm thinking, KNIVES?!  Aunt Lola's ass is dangerous!  A fucking airhead falloopadoop is what she is!  She's the dumb cunt who was awf da Band-Aids on stab wounds!  I took that beatin with pride, yes I did.  It was because of us that Rodney got shanked.  It was because I wanted to "experience" no wax floors that I caught a rack of slugs to da ass.    To this day if I mention to Rodney about what happened that day.  He's goes mute on a sista.  Dat fool still don't wanna talk about it...LOL.