Removing My Chestplate   I spoke with my ex boyfriend tonight (for about 3 hours).  I no longer think he's a dick.  He is, but not towards me anymore.  We actually  had a decent ADULT conversation without any bashing.  You know...played around with coulda woulda and shoulda and then exchanged details about our current loves.  I told him more about Evermean while he periodically screamed, "TMI!"...LOL  See, a few months back, I couldn't even think of his name without crying cuz a 10+ year relationship is hard to heal from.  Now I'm better 100%.  I can talk to this fool without wanting to spit my teeth out or jump head first on an icepick.  We're actually being pretty respectful to each other which is progress indeed.    I can officially remove my protective, ex-relationship chestplate and breathe easily now.  For over 3 years I wore this thing for fear that I'd have an encounter with him where I felt weak and vulnerable.  Whenever he said fucked up shit to me, I was crushed inside so many times.  But when I tried to be an ass towards him, he seemed so unaffected, which was yet another chest buster.  The thing that made this so hard was the fact that I...NONA MARTINI kicked him out and broke up with him.  Realized that it was a huge miscommunication and misunderstanding and regretted it everyday.  Even when he tried to come back and be so sweet to me, I was a mean and surly asshole for over a year.  Then when I got off my high horse and forgave him, he basically told me to fuck off.  So a 12-year relationship down the tubes cuz I was an ass and he was a dick.  For months thereafter, we just tortured each other, which explains some of my previous posts about him.    Now, we've both come to a place where we don't bash each other anymore or play head games.  So I think it's safe to remove this chestplate and talk to him unprotected.  So far, tonight, it's worked.  He still has his asshole ways as do I, but it doesn't feel as fucked up as it once did.  One thing was funny.  He wanted to know if women were a permanent thing for me and why I didn't tell him about my feelings about them back when we were together.  I told him that as long as Evermean was in my life on this level, it's women all the way.  Then I asked him if he was crazy for wanting to know why I didn't share back then considering he's Muslim and um...dey dont play dat.  Yeh buddy, so you can throw me out on my ass and call me a pussy-eating harlot.  Not way.  Now he claims that it would have been okay.  That he would've accepted my bisexuality as part of our relationship cuz he loved me so much.  Hmph [insert sarcastic thought here]  lol  In all fairness, I believe him partially.  But one never knows.    Bottom line. He doesn't affect me anymore.  He's moved on and so have I.  Off with my chestplate!  I'll try to refrain from bashing him from this point on.  That's unless he start playing wiff my emotions again.