American Idiots   Maaaaaaaaaaaan did yall see  urlLink  American Icons   on Fox?  Please say yes!  That shit was sooo funny!  Where do these kids get off thinking they can sing?  Simon had no cut cards.  I wish I can call him for relationship breakups.  He'd have some wild assed comebacks awf da, "You suck and so does your mother!"..lol  Some of them could sing but didn't have the "look" (whatever that is), some couldn't sing but were gorgeous, some had both looks and talent, and some were just pitiful.    Tini, Sunshine and I watched it.  The most valuable contestant on that show tonight was dude who sang  Silent Night  awf da "Sye Ya Lent Night!!!  I sed uh....syyyyyy ya lent night!"  Man, I ran down the hallway cracking up laughing.  I aint know  silent  had three syllables.  Then, the Dallas pageant chick who slid under the table!  Classic.  Here are some honorable mentions:  The most flaming, funniest one: The dude, Ilias with the bolero hat wiff da judges pictures on his shirt.  I'm mad he turned into a mentor afterwards yelling, "You too can be a star!"    The most unbelievable:  The drag queen, Amnesia......mm mm mm  The best looking contestants:  Miami.  The most talented contestants: Atlanta  The most adorable face I've ever seen:  The dark haired guy with them eyes.  I can't remember his name, but he was soooo cute.  The most ghetto: The black chick rockin two pairs of glasses and cussed Paula Abdul out...lol  There's always one.  The saddest most untalented contestant: The chick who rode Greyhound to 3 cities cuz she kept missing the audition.  Um....never sing again!!!!  For the love of God!!  The most popular song attempt: Jeanie in a Bottle, by Britney Spears.  Only one chick did it right.  The funniest quote for a losing contestant: "Did you have a voice coach?" [yes]  "Do you have a lawyer?" [no] "Get one and sue her"  LMAO  Now on to Paula Abdul.  How can her whiny singing ass judge anyone's talent.  Help me understand please.  Paula is hot, but um...she aint had a hit record since  urlLink these guys .   Got the nerve to be judging somebody's talent.  Go head man.