The Sun Shines Again, But Not Out of the Dark   Sunshine showed up for our scheduled 7pm meeting.  See, me and Tini left a vm message stating that we expected to see her by sundown today.  She came in with her story.  Basically, she admitted that she's your typical I-spend-too-much-money-partying, recent college graduate and she didn't budget her money.  Point taken.  But why run Sunshine?  Why get ghost on us and cause 15 heart attacks?  She said she wasn't used to confrontation and she's an "avoider".  *puzzled*  She explained that once she realized she aint have the money, she freaked out and ran for cover until she could come up with excuse or the guts to face us.  Tini and I didn't come across as "confrontational"..at least we tried not to.  We did, however, contact her mom (cuz mom was 'sposed to pay da rent for her), but NOOOOO ol' Sunshine wanted to piss the parents off and basically GOT CUT OFF (reconfirmed by conversation with mom).    Tini and I pondered upon this a lot.  We ran all types of scenarios and even contacted a former roommate candidate asking if she was still interested.  She was and has since been put on standby until August.  That's where Sunshine comes back in.  We've agreed to give her a trial period where she has to pay half of the rent every paycheck until she gets her finances together.  1800 bux aint pretty when 2 people have to pay it.  Sunshine has been here for a month now and um......she has to pay.  So Tini and I wont grow old worrying about her, she has to give us money regularly until her trial period ends in August.  Then we'll contact our backup and tell her we've settled things at home.  If it still doesn't work, Sunshine will be asked to move out so the new roomie can move in.  Just that simple.    She admitted that she's got some emotional problems to work out too.  Understood.  We all have a bit of disfunction in our lives.  But one thing she needs to understand.  Don't mess wiff black folks money...lol.  Dat shit aint cute.  We also explained to her that we weren't personally pissed at her but we were worried and didn't appreciate how she handled things.  She seemed to understand and we all agreed on our new plan.    I understand being young.  I was once young, dumb, and full of ....gotcha!  Stupidity.  I was irresponsible and way selfish.  So maybe it's my bad Karma for being a dick when I was 22 or maybe Sunshine needs some guidance.  She's got it.  Tini and I have officially begun our, Ghetto Rehab Program For Misunderstood College Graduates. She'll learn.  If not, her shit will be on Ebay...trust me!    Don't get me wrong.  Sunshine has one of the most sparkling and cool personalities I've seen in a long time.  But she's gotta step up to the plate with the responsibility side.  No more little college girl riding on the parents.  This is the real world (no pun intended).  I'm sure it's overwhelming, but she's lucky.  Any other bitches woulda tore her head off.  Tini and I can't do that cuz everything else works out with her.  She definitely fits the profile for who we'd want to live with.  We have grown to love having her around.  My sister (and her crew), Evermean, and even our drunk regular visitors love Sunshine.  For now, she's a keeper.    We never mentioned the Ritalin..lol.  I couldn't bear it.