Dirty Bastard!   Okay, this dirty bomb business is making me ill.  First of all, I live approximately 12 blocks from the White House (straight shot).  I can see the flags waving atop the sonofabitch from the corner of my block.  I'd be fried.  All of the media hype and coverage is doing nothing but alarming us and creating prenuclear panic!   It's so much fun living down here (excluding the crazed tourists) and my experience being a downtown resident has been fabulous.  But why dey gotta play wiff bombs?  Basically, from what I've read/heard, these devices won't cause many casualties.  BUT 1 OF 100 PEOPLE WILL DEVELOP CANCER LATER.  Great.  Thanks "Puncho" or whatever the fuck his name is.     We all seem to think that the opposition is too stupid to pull something like this off.  But they had a great idea.  Find an ex-gang member who is pissed off after being released from jail and have him do it!  Destroy from within.  Ingenious!  How many fools are locked up right now would volunteer to blow shit up.  Don't answer that.  Even better.  How many "converted brothers" are there in prison?   Not to say that Islam or converting to it is bad (part of my family practices it), but c'mon folks!  How easy would it be for one of the "operatives" to "drop science" on some of these men and women who are angry and frustrated?  "Mkay, all you have to do is take this suitcase on Metro and RUN!"    I was watching  The View  and Barbara and Nem were giggling it up about what to do if a dirty bomb is detonated.  "Oh yeh....just duc tape your windows.  It's just that simple!"  Um..Barb....yall bitches have the funds to probably survive.  Me (and the rest of the East Coast common folk) dont!  So please refrain from the bullshit advice for your soccer mom audience aight?    They tell us not to run and panic.  They tell us not to go to the hospital right away.  They also tell us that WE PROBABLY WONT KNOW IF/WHEN WE'RE EXPOSED.  What then?  Oh, I remember.  Watch TV!  That's it.  Let Tom Brokaw tell us (from his secured location) to stay calm and wait for further instructions.  What a crock of shit!  So I'm sitting here, living in DC, wondering if I'm gonna suffer awf da hair falling out and cant breathe.   And why did Bush wait a month after this fool was arrested?  Is he gonna wait that long if one is actually set off and we don't know yet?   Who the fuck knows.  All I know is I so wish my parents would have raised my ass in a "holler" in Boise fuckin Idaho or the desert somewhere.  Being a metropolitan person aint so cute no mo.