Guess Who's Back   Back to the land of the living.  Lot's of shit went down in the past two weeks.    Evermean's grandmother is ill, so Memorial Day Weekend was mostly spent by her side trying to help out and be there for moral support.  I love my little sweetface mama so that was definitely priority.  On Sat night Evermean insisted that I go have fun for the weekend (and not stay couped up with her..not that I didn't want to).  She took me shopping at the mall and (long story short)...a big in-the-parking-lot domestic broke out.  I didn't wanna argue, but could take no more about this ex girlfriend business..so I blew up at Evermean basically telling her and I quote, "The bitch is NOT spending the night at your house!"      So yall know I'm pissed at this point cuz Evermean and I NEVER have real fights (except the drunken one in Georgia..lol) and this cunt done came here and rattled some shit between us!  Imma get her ass! Like I said, in all fairness...they can certainly be friends.  And trust on Evermean's part isn't an issue.  But I cannot stand scandalous bitches!  Hate them!  Obviously, at the time Evermean couldn't see the shit cuz she's one of those "too dayumed nice" people.  FUCKA TOO NICE!   An ex can be a friend as long as she don't violate.  Violation in progess!  So I went out to one Gay Pride party..ISO (you know who)..lol.  Yes my fellow bloggers, I went birdwatching.  My sister and I went to the DC Tunnel for their big party and I had a hidden agenda.  Let's go see if we can spot the spoon billed bird...yeh the one with the big eyes.  Of course we combed dat jont.  No luck.  So that time we didn't bump heads.  Back at Evermean's to help housesit for the parents and then it happened.   Nona was 'bout to buss!    Monday afternoon, I get a mysterious call from a "mutual friend" basically wanting to know how to contact Evermean.  This "friend" then asks me a few questions about how my weekend was..blah blah blah.  I kinda thought it seemed suspicious because she was speaking in code or some shit.  Note: this "friend" also doubles as the bird's close pal.  I'm at Evermean's parents' house.  Evermean is at work.  Guess what?  Five minutes after I hang up with the "friend", Evermean calls me awf da, "Baby, I came home to change clothes and they are in my parking lot."  They?!!!  [lost my head].  So I later find out that this "friend" only called me to find out WHERE I WAS.  Meaning to find out if it was safe for her and the bird to knock on Evermean's door.  See?  Scandalous hoes!  Now, me and the "friend" are usually cool, but I later understood how tough a position she was in, considering she had the bird with her.  She didn't want a fight to break out.  (so im guessing).  I basically told Evermean to tell our "friend" that I aint fuck wiff her like dat no mo...cuz she tried to set me up.  (remember...I'm gone yall).  So I'm putting on my shoes, getting my pockeybook tucked..cuz I'm rhet to uproot this bitch like a cactus!  Yes...I was gonna go snatch this hussy's head off.  Not because she wanted to see Evermean, but how she did the shit.  "You aint got to lie Craig!!!"  Long story short...the "friend" called me back and explained herself (we are cool now) and Evermean handled the rest of it herself.  My only reason for not killing this big eyed bird, was because I would have done just that.  Had her by the throat plus Evermean woulda had to explain to her squad why she had an attempted murder in her parking lot..lol.  So the bird flew back to Italy and shortly thereafter, Evermean and I settled our shit.  She basically thinks I'm psycho.  No.  I just dont go for bullshit from females.