The Redevelopment Project   Haven't been blogging cuz my job is nuts.  I like it though.  Working to redevelop a federal agency's intranet site.  Sweet.  It's only been two weeks and I'm already traumatized.  Big time.  Let's discuss a few things.  Can yall please help me understand why:  Da Gubment let women come to work dressed any kind of way?  Why oh why do some of these girls buss up in the job with "tear da club up" clothes?  Legs, ass, and titties.  It's a fuckin' fleshfest!  Now that it's hot..  (shaking my head)   Why are some men such pigs?  I'm not a manhater at all but um...it's ridiculous how some of our young men approach us.  But I guess we can't blame them when Beyonce, Britney, Shakira an nem make these chickens believe they can go to work dressed all funky.  Even better.  Some of them think they can actually pull those looks off and look good.  I done seen my share of broke down Tweet's (if that makes sense..lol) and busted up Jennifer's.  Sad.  So I'm guessing men are just used to other women allowing them to it em wiff da, "Cmere for a minute!"  (pointing finger) or "Ay! Wussup?"  (grabbin your arm) or, my favorite....(say nothing, just stare and salivate watching my ass).  Grrrrrrrrrrrrr.    Why do black people talk so loud in the workplace?  Why is everything so overdramatized?  Why is your desk blinged out?  I'm just curious.    Sandal wearing bad feet people:  Why bother?  Why try?   Big girls: Why Large and not Extra Large?  Why LVLX?  NOOOOOOOOOOOOO  Why tight?  Why at work like that?  Are slacks, suits, and nice blouses evil?  Do they make you violently ill?  There are so many pretty/sexy big girls that fuck it up for the team.  They are just wrong and I wanna know why.  Take it from me (an emotionally disturbed big girl) you can do so much better.  It's  eye candy ..not eye  turkey !    Smokers (in the workplace): Why 10 smoking breaks?  Why smoke in packs of other 10-smoking-break people?  I swear, I take a smoke break when I get my coffee, at lunch, and on my way home.  Everytime I go outside..I see the same fools.  If I run downstairs to grab something from CVS or go to the ATM, same fools outside smoking.  Do you ever work?  And finally......fellas (particularly 30-40 somethings):  Why cornrows?  Gators?  And what's this chewing toothpick thing?  Please explain.  Those are things that have raised concern since I've been back to work.  In the past 6 years, I've worked in the non-govt. sector.  So most of my jobs were either biz casual (techie type shit) or straight dress clothes.  Plus I'm usually the only woman..the only black...or both.  Just the luck of the draw I guess.  So this is my first time being exposed to something like this.  Gubment folks.  They're strange.  Very strange.  So much "chain of command" and political bullshit.  It's cool though.  I'm a contractor...basically overpaid people who bail the gubment outta trubba or help keep their shit straight.  But the gubmen workers puzzle me.  At least the last two agencies I've worked under.  They're bugged out.    My life is finally back on track.  Now it's time for me to show Evermean and Tini my appreciation for taking care of my ass.  Family too.  Got so many nice ideas for Evermean though.  Just wanna spoil her again so she can sit back.  Tini can have a normal roommate again.  Not the bipolar, cry-at-the-drop-of-a-dime, broke, bitch I was.  That was bad.  I don't think Sunshine even knows the real me, cuz since she moved in, I've been a recluse freak.  It's oun nah.  I'mma bout to redevelop myself.  Try to build my foundation again since I've divorced poverty.  Bye bye....ramen noodles!  Kiss kiss doller store!  Farewell old bottles of nail polish (I did my own toes).  Luh yall and do take care.  LOL