At It Again   These past few days have been really crazy.  First of all, a mob of us went to (of all places) Lu Lu's on M Street.  This is one of the cheesiest places in DC, but the drinks are cheap (plus we knew a bartender) and the music is okay.  Tini, Evermean, Magenta, my sister, Kiva, her girl, a bunch of lesbo chix, and my brother and his mob all met up there.  One word: TRUBBA.  We got so dayum drunk.  I think I humped every person within 10 feet of me.  That's what alcohol (straight Vodka shots) will do to my ass.  Make me a humpin' fool!  My brother and friends were salivating all over this Hispanic chick with a funky lower-back tattoo, but they acted like they were afraid of her.  As per usual, men just stand there and stare!  What did I do?  Roll up on mamita and freak the bloody hell outta her.  I aint care if she was gonna smack me silly.  I did it (thanks Smirnoff).  She just partied with me, laughing and shit.  Yeh...I'm a savage.  Then, Evermean and Magenta were getting a little too "friendly" one of the couches.  For the record, Magenta is my girl.  But um......BUT UM........ Nehmind.  I understand alcohol makes one a little more "open" to touch-feely shit.  BUT UM....  One needs to also understand that alcohol makes Nona violent and confrontational.  I was so shocked by what I witnessed, my first reaction was to snatch Magenta by the head (on to the floor).  Why did I do that??  Of course, Evermean looked at me like some psychochick desperately needing therapy.  Magenta was in complete shock.  Me?  I felt like an asshole for all of 5 minutes.  I didn't intend to hurt her and later realized that I sort of hurt her feelings.  "but i was jusss playiin'" Yeh right.  I said my "I'm sorrys" and kept on partying.  No, Magenta and I don't have a beef nor will we ever.  I just gotta bring down the violence a little bit.  If yall could've seen what they were doing, you'd understand my actions.  Besides, Magenta is my "house sister", but Evermean is my woman...SO UM.....(nah it's all gravy)  Tini must've danced her back out..along with my sister.  Those two fools don't need to party together.  Sistergirl broke out with her video girl moves (again) and had a swarm of beer clutching men salivating all around her.  Men can be so stupid.   We'll just stand around and watch ... look extra silly .  ..AGH!!  Sheeeyit, I'll party with the best of them.  I even molested Kiva's girlfriend (by resting my forehead on her beautiful boobs ..and maybe kiss them once or twice).  I can't help myself.  I guess I live in a world of perversion.  LOL    Later on that night, Evermean and I were so drunk we could barely sit up straight.  We made it to my building (at home) and Tini opened the door for us only to find Evermean hittin' it doggie style on the hallway steps.  Slut.  Yep..that would be me.  Then when we got in the house, Sunshine has two drunk, overnight guests (who were cute) passed out on our futon.  You guessed it.  Me and Evermean went to "investigate" and basically turned the light on in their faces and made perverted comments awf da, "oohhh you're a cutie! We should take you back in the room wiff us!"  Meanwhile, Tracy's friend Shawn hopped in bed with them and tried his molestation technique.  What's wrong with us?  Are we that sexually frustrated?  The girls got a kick out of it.  They sort wished Sunshine woulda warned them...BUT HER ASS WAS PASSED OUT DRUNK.  Figures.  It was all good though.  Okay let's jump on over to Monday night.  I paid a visit to my near and dear mother.  Me, Tini and Evermean.  I knew it.  She'd act up and have them laughing.  So we walk in and she hits us with the, "Ooh!  Yall wanna see my new wig?"  I'm thinking, "I'm rhet to go".  She pulls out this tight assed box that read,  Shake N Go Wig .  Why?  Why??!!  She put it on and actually, it was really cute.  Not all cheap looking.  But the kicker was, she said, "Oh yeh, I gotta show yall the shirt that ya father had to pray over."  I'm like,  pray over ? She pulled out this baby blue, sleeveless shirt that read, Bootylicious across the front in rhinestones and glitter.  I couldn't feel my feet.  I just wanted to remove myself from that environment.  Immetriately!  She told us that my father went southern preacher style when he caught a glimpse of that shirt.  Awf da, "Annnnnnn you cant wear dat...hah!  Cuz it's a shame against Gawd..hah!!!  Put it back in the bag sista..hah!  It wasn't made for you..hah!"  I took that shirt from my mother,  gathered my shit and demanded that we leave that house.  I could take no more.  Mama done showed off!  Love her man..lol  She's always entertaining.....