Up North   Evermean and I spent this past weekend in Jersey.  Two words: PURE MAYHEM!   I'll keep it short and sweet and just tell yall that we got a problem with controlled substances. Alcohol to be exact.  All weekend we were drunk and acting a dayumed fool.  First stop (dont laugh), the flea market.  See DC doesn't have flea markets like other areas.  That shit is wild.  They got TVs outside in the hot assed sun, beauty products, sneakers, jewelry, all dat.  I didn't know whether to laugh or cry (cuz it was hot as ball out there).  We spent all of Friday there and Walmart buying draws..LOL  Anyway, we end up at my aunt's house to visit her and my crazy cousins.  My cousins are crackheads man!  I swear.  My one older cousin Neecy is a bonafied party animal.   Teneal is nuts and Rod is even more disfunctional.  All day Saturday we gulped down apple martinis and Red Bull cocktails while playing pool.  Lemme tell yall.  My aunt lives in an area that's predominantly 90210-type folks (near Seaside Heights).  So you can imagine a bunch of drunk assholes in a suburban poolhall.  Why they throw us out?  Why did my cousin Neecy try to play pool drunk doing Crouching Tiger moves on the table?  Not to mention the fact that me and Evermean were shitfaced.    After last call, we were too smashed to appreciate the game.  So we decided to get all ghetto until the "man" threw us out at closing time.  WE WERE TOO DRUNK TO REALIZE ERRYBODY WAS GONE..LOL.  Okay so then the fake assed bouncer dude (wearing tight Haggar slacks and a spandex shirt) tried to strong arm us out the door.  Why did I leave yelling, "Shaddup Haggar Man!  Broke down Jonnie Gill!"...LOL  Meanwhile, Evermean and my clan of cousins blew up the parking lot being all loud and wrong.  After we got home, I passed out in my clothes.    The next day some random crackhead dude rolled up on Evermean trying to get saucy.  He leaned in to kiss her and she grabbed him by the throat.  Meanwhile, I'm looking at him with eyes of death and my cousin Neecy is runnin for cover cuz a fight fi't to break out.  Okay so dude backed off but was still talking shit until I told him he needed to chill with the magnetic hands.  So then he decides to try and feel me up tawkin bout, "Cmon go get a beer wiff me".  I was like, "YOu aint gone yet nugga?"  Evermean was about to house his ass, no bullshit.  It was so funny.  Lemme describe him.  He had a mid-top fade with a 2-piece, swap meet short set and you guessed it....a gold tooth in the front.  It was so bad, my aunt had to get him away from us.  He was about to catch one.    Later on that night, we had a barbeque at my aunt's pad.  More of my nutball, drunken cousins came by and my cousin Rod had TWO GIRLS SHOW UP.  We're thinkin aw shit..a fight!  So all night I'm trying to work both sides, watch my cousin sweat and pretty much drink myself into oblivion.  Can we talk about my cousin Teneal?  First of all, she's drop dead gorgeous.  I'll do her!  Eff dat.  I will do her!  Evermean too..LOL.  She had the nerve to whisper to me, "Maaaaaan, your cousin can git it!!!!"  So all night she's salivating over Teneal's ass.  I told her she had to stand in line.  Anyway, Teneal was telling us that her coworker died and she had to go to the family's house to pay her respect.  She had the nerve to say, "Yeh!  I went in there and they looked at me all crazy so I figured I'd start the party!"  She said she threw her hand up, dropped it like it's hot and screamed, "JAMMIN' ON THE HORN NOW!".  *DEAD*  We fell out!  No she didn't.  Not she did not do that.  See, Teneal looks just like one of those video girls..in person.  It hurts to look at her.  But truth be told, she's a walking PARTY..worse than us.  Much worse.  She's one of those Prada honies who regularly parties in NY with hip hop artists and the movers & shakers of "the business".  Plus she works in a drama filled hair salon so you can imagine.  Sweet girl..love her to death, but I swear she's funny as hell and does not have any cut cards.    Then my disfunctional cousin Russ kept telling everybody he wanted to make a congo CD of poetry.  What da?  Don't nobody wanna hear dat shit.  So all night he's beating on the congos, annoying the hell outta everybody.   Teneal decides to take it back to Africa so she starts doing tribal dances all over the place.  Guess who joined in?  Me and Neecy.  Three drunk bitches doing African dance at a barbeque.  How desperate is that?    I'd say high on the scale.  We drank ourselves so silly, Evermean and I called in sick and stayed another night..lol.  At the end of the night, we finished 3 big bottles of 100 proof Vodka and a bottle of Apple Pucker.  Sickos I'm tellin ya.  Other Highlights  The story about my aunt chasing a crackhead down the street who stole her can of lemonade.  She actually followed him in her car. Neecy crawling under the bushes to fetch Teneals earring, hollering, "I'm crawlin in Cotton's shit!" - Cotton's a white Maltese Rod's domestic drama that led Teneal to crash into Russ's car (cuz one of Rod's women flipped out and Teneal was trying to get her the hell outta there) Drunken  Color Purple  reinactments  I'm still trying to recover to this day.