She's At It Again!   I was a drunken fool on Saturday.  A certain "high society friend" invited me to his holiday shindig.  So Evermean, Mawny and I went to celebrate with all the other "family" folks to spread gay cheer together in DC.  We figured it would be perfect because some of the "kids" are known for the booze consumption.  In otherwords, the queens know how to party.  When we got there, this place was LAID.  Everything from the elaborate Christmas trees to a flipping rhinestone stocking hanging by the fire.  As soon as we walked in my friend the host goes, "Chile...yall give me your coats and show these folks how to 'ppreciate shrimp and booze!"  HUH?  Apparently, he didn't seem to think some of his guests were PARTYING...I guess..lol.  So the three of us head for the bar.  You name it.  They had it.  Believe that.  We drank and rubbed noses with the DC gay elite, while doing our usual ghetto shit like talkin' bout people (we call it joaning).  It looked like an episode of Queer As Folk in there because there were so many MEN in there prancing around with their lil plates of food and wine glasses.    Of course ol' drunko (that would be me) headed straight for my best friend, Vodka.  Fuck the food..I wanted Vodka.  Four drinks later I'm hammered.  A blabbering fucking idiot.  I can't even begin to tell you.  The house was amazing.  It looked like something on the Style channel, all pretty and such.  Beautiful colors and furniture. Sort of Victorian meets shabby chic. Anyway, we had to go out back to the smokers area and there's a makeshift stage out there.  You know me.  I had to jump up there and bust out with my  I'm too old and swole to be a stripper but fuck it it's Christmas  moves. Evermean and Mawny were embarrassed cuz I'm a total asshole by this time.  Nobody was out there but us chickens but the shit was funny.  I had to debut my new 360 degree pelvic twist on dey asses..lol.  Finally, we went back inside.  That's when Mawny got stalked by this West Indian chick.  So of course the gay gossiping hens were watching.  One said to me, "Um..you know so in so loves her pussy eaten by women.  So warn your friend."  Evermean and I laughed and instigated the rest of the night.  Watching Miss Cleo's sister set it out for Mawny, who was utterly disgusted..lmao.  But Mawny kept filling the chick's glass so what did she expect?  She was off the hook though.    We ended up hanging out there for like 4-5 hours.  That was until Evermean was ready to blow the joint cuz of..guess who?  ME!  See you know how some queens like to be the center of attention?  This particular one kept saying we were abnormal because we get naked.  He was awf da, "You people are wierd.  I have a real problem with nudity.  I even shower with swimming shorts on!"  YOU DON'T TELL A DRUNK PERSON THAT!  So my stupid ass goes, "I guess the hell not!  Nobody wanna see that pink mushroom anyway!"  Why lawd?  Why?  Evermean started grabbing coats and shit..saying her goodbyes..LOL.  Nona done broke up the party..lol.  Actually, we didn't leave until another hour after that.  Homeboy didn't even realize what I was saying but I didn't give a shit either way.  He was just trying to be extra fabulous and it got on my nerves.    We took pictures laughed while one flamboyant fella told the host that his tree was leaning.  That was a trip.  How you gonna come to somebody's party and criticize their tree?   The shit was funny but that was bad.  Then the host asked us if we were going to come to his class the next morning (he's a Jazzercize instructor PT).  IS HE CRAZY?  That's when it was time to go.  Plus I was way too drunk anyway.  I was in full drunken bastard mode..lol.  So we get back home and I'm ready to pass out.  I plopped down on the bed but couldn't get to sleep cuz my ponytail weave was too tight.  I tried with everything I had to snatch dat some a bitch off but the bobbypins would not let go.  Frustrated, I said fuck it and passed out.  Why did I wake up this morning with half a ponytail hanging to one side of my head (and lipstick and eyeliner smeared all over my face)?  I looked like a kidnapped prostitute, damn near scared myself half to death in the mirror.  Po' Evermean.  She aint have to see me like dat.  But we had a ball though.  Gay house parties are the best!  But gay holiday parties are the absolute best.  I'm ready for the next one.