You know, I am so thankful.  I swear to beans I am.  I am so fortunate to have family and friends who love me so much and I can't help but think of all of them individually.  I have to coolest parents in the world to say the least.  My mom and dad are a cross between the Klumps and the Beverly Hillbillies with a splash of the Evans' family and a twist of the Wayans family.  Even though I was never raised under the Cosby lifestyle, my parents did whatever they knew how to keep us alive and I'm thankful for it.  Love is too small a word to express my feelings for my parents.  My siblings, although each is different, are an amazing mix of a little bit of everything.  My sisters, brother, neice and nephews are so close to my heart and forever will be.  I just loooooove my lil family.   As for my friends...um..where do I start.  Let's see...how bout starting with the Queen Bee of my friends...my roommate.  I just love that woman to death.  It feels like we're family man.  Sometimes I know she wants to choke the life outta me b/c I'm so spoiled, but I know she knows I love her like a sister and I thank God for her.  I'd be in a whole 'nother place if it weren't for her support and love.  My other friends although, not always available, are terrific.  Cherie, Ton, Nai, Tracy M.,Tonja ...those are my true homies and they have been there for me during different periods of my life.  God only knows that I need them forever.   As for my romantic interest, well she's one-of-a-kind, a rare breed man I'm telling you.  If I could find a way to keep her permanently (and get away with it), I probably would.  But right now, I'm so thankful not only because she exists in my life, but also because of the TIMING and her genuine love for me.  She wears so many hats though, it's funny.  She's my sister, lover, friend, confidant, partner all wrapped up in one.  Thank you Moony!     That's my testimony for today.  I'm just so thankful for everything because in the blink of an eye, it could so easily be gone *poof* just like that.  To have the opportunity to say thanks right now today is in itself a blessing.