Get Better Baby   Evermean was in a bad car accident while working last night.  Some fucktard lady wasn't watching where she was going and hit Evermean and spun the car into another car.     I'm at her house last night, talking to Mawny and get a call from another officer.  I was too shocked to even understand what he was telling me.  So after he told me that Evermean was rushed to the hospital, my dumb ass goes, "Oh..okay", not really registering what he said.  Once I hung up the phone and told Mawny, that's when it hit me.  I didn't even know my name, but thank God I didn't go fully retarded.  The officer picked me up to take me to her.  All the while in the car, I'm threatening his life.  "YOU BETTER NOT BE LYING TO ME!  IS SHE OKAY?!!! IS SHE BLEEDING??!!"  He kept saying she's fine.  Then he begged me not to go "Shaniqua" style in the hospital.  Awf da, "please don't embarrass your baby momma"  He was trying to make me laugh but I wasn't gonna be okay until I SAW HER FACE and could decide for myself.  When I got to the emergency room, all of my surroundings were like in slow motion.  Then once I got to the room where they were holding her, all these police officers were just looking at me and I didn't know what to expect.  FINALLY, I saw her.  My face lit up and at the same time my heart took a normal position in my chest.  She was OKAY, but she wasn't OKAY, if you know what I mean.  Before I walked in her room, the officer says, "AND YOU BET NOT CRY!!"  I went in there all smiley cuz I saw her smiling.  Was I glad to see her!!!  That's my baby and I love she!!!!  I was glad to see no blood and no bones broken.  They had her lying on one of those flat board things and her head was strapped down along with a neck brace.  She got knocked in the head by objects in the car, her arm, leg and back were bruised and she had to have a series of ex-rays to make sure there was no internal bleeding.  I just wanted to make sure that she was coming home cuz my big ass woulda spent the night at the hospital.  They wouldnt have been able to kick me out...okay?   ALL SYSTEMS A GO!! Thank God and all his angels for protecting her.   Her squad car is totalled, but she's good to go.  Now she's home awf da muscle relaxers and wont be back to work for about a week.  Mawny and I will take turns cooking dinner (she's a dom, but she can burn..lol) and Evermean will be taken care of by yours truly.  I'll stay up on her progress....