Late Night Flashback -  Lotta Lemon    Circa 1979 - 3rd Grade.  If anyone was raised during the late 70s, you remember those Jean Nate After Bath Splash commercials.  You know the one.  The blonde flings her hair back and forth in the shower while splashing Jean Nate all over her naked frame while singing, GENE NATAY!  GENE NATAY!  GENE NATAY!!!  My aunt was in her early twenties this year and I stayed over her house one night and was to be taken to school the next day.  She told me I was a big girl now and I should try to take a SHOWER instead of them bitch-assed kiddy baths.  I thought, COOL!  Here's my chance!    Guess.  She had a  urlLink deluxe Jean Nate  set on her dresser.  So of course, after she'd left me in the room alone, I snuck the Jean Nate bottle into the bathroom.  I couldn't wait to finish my shower so I could splash myself like a raving maniac, naked, feeling alive and beautiful like the lady on the commercial.  When I finished the shower, I refused to dry myself off cuz I wanted my Jean Nate to absorb into my silky, small frame.  I cut off the water, cracked open that bottle and got my GENE NATAY on!!!  Splashing the light colored, lemon-scented liquid all over myself while I swung my little plaits from side to side, smiling like the wind.  I just couldn't stop splashing.  I was wild and free!  After completing my citris filled shower of passion, I quickly got dressed and headed for school.  On the school bus, I noticed that the lemon scent was getting stronger and stronger as I rode along.  Was someone else wearing Jean Nate?  Had another girl had a beautiful experience after having a grown-up shower?  NO!  Lil Nona had splashed too much.l  The lemon scent was choking me and making me itch!  Oh God!  Little corpuscles were forming all over my neck and arms and the lemon was now gagging me!  It's the dead of winter and the bus driver has the heat on Hell High.  This lemon shit sux!  Why didn't I feel beautiful and free like the lady on the commercial?  Why didn't I feel alive anymore?  Why were the kids snickering behind my back?  This was bad.  I get to class and refused to take my coat off.  My teacher, Miss Bussy came over to me asking if I had a problem with removing my coat.  I held back the tears of frustration.  I'd felt HAD by Jean Nate.  Wronged and taken advantage of.  Finally, Miss Bussy convinced me to remove my lemon soaked parka.  She gasped.  Then asked what I had on my clothes.  Disgusted, all I could say was, "My aunt's perfume".  She insited that I put on too much and "big people's" perfume makes children break out if it goes directly on the skin.  On the skin??!!!  Did she know I'd taken a naked splash bath in this lemony shit?   Horrified.  The kids roared in laughter.  Called me stinky girl and perfume lady.  I couldn't cry.  I couldn't make any eye contact with my classmates.  I just sat there and felt cheated.  I felt nowhere near how the blonde felt.  I wasn't happy about this experience.  Did it only work for adults?  Is that what I get for trying to be grown?  Oh God, I swear I'll never pretend to be a grownup again.  I don't wanna stink no more!  I want my friends back!  What if my parka stinks tomorrow?!!  I can be  baldy, fatty, ugly, and freaky....BUT PLEASE DON'T CALL ME STINKY!  I'll take anything but that!    I go back to my aunt's house to wait for mom.  I HAD to see the Jean Nate bottle one more time.  Something's wrong!  Once I picked the bottle up and took a closer look, I realized that it WASN'T Jean Nate Afterbath Splash.  It was the flipping cologne.  Heaven's no!  I'd splashed my whole naked body with cologne.  No wonder they laughed at me.  Now I see why I broke out awf da itchies!  FUCK!  By that time, I'd gotten a little red rash on my privates.  That's when I had to confess.  I told my aunt everything and hoped my failure to read labels will never ever again result in broke out coochie and stank parka.  These days, that would be ugly.