Houston, We Got a Problem!!      Can we talk about Ms. Whitney?   Let's go back a little bit.   Evermean, Mawny and I were watching the J-Lo Dateline special and we saw the Whitney promo.  Did anybody else see that promo?  Do you remember seeing the part when she was banging on the piano singing old negro spirituals while Diane Sawyer  and Bobby Christine looked in horror?  THEY DIDN'T SHOW THAT CLIP ON THE ACTUAL SHOW!!  We wanted so badly to see that again cuz Whitney was off her rocker!!!  Tini, Evermean, and I ended up watching the entire interview.  Afterwards, it really made us sad.  Whitney is crying out and doesn't even realize it man.  I can't believe a diva like that said, on national TV, "Crack is wack."  I can't believe Bipolar Bobby admitted that shit!  I can't believe Diane Sawyer had the guts to ask some of those questions and then trap Whitney into confessing her addiction without her even knowing it.  And I REALLY can't believe that "mommy and daddy" have NOT gotten Bobby Christine's teeth fixed!  Hello!  Yall got money!  She's a cute little girl, man and the shit aint fair!  They need to stop playing.    We all felt really sad for Whitney though.  Man she's doing BAD.  I just hope that she doens't parallel Billie Holiday's life cuz that's the direction she's going in.  I really don't want to see a movie about Whitney's life after she's overdosed on some shit.  Someone should really be her friend and KIDNAP her ass and put her in detox!!  Hire a firing squad to blast any tabloid shitheads who wanna pry in her business.  That way she can get clean and get a MINUTE.  Honestly, I think that once she DOES get clean, she will realize that her love for Bobby is nothing but the result of either her being fucked to death or her drug induced stupor.  Then she will leave his tired, king of r & b wannabe, black lipped, weedhead, bipolar, big forehead, old assed gumby hairdo, MC Hammer dancing ass!  He has brought her down so terribly bad.    I just hope she does save herself and come back with a vengeance.  Fuck it, now that I've heard it from HER, I hope she goes platinum again.  Rock on Whitney!!!