Michael Mania     I'm pissed!  Boiling hot!  Why is everyone effin with Michael Jackson?  I don't get it, but I UNDERSTAND IT.  They are trying to crucify him.  Check it.  Michael Jackson has done so much for the world.  He has inspired Usher, Hammer, Justin, B2K,  IMX, Mario, P Diddy, Missy Elliot, Bobby Brown, Janet, and all of these other folks out here calling themselves "entertainers" in this day and age.  If it weren't for Michael, these fools would have no clue how to work a stage.  He has taken dance and performing to a whole new level and has been doing it since the 60s.  Do you realize that Michael Jackson was performing his ass off during a time when Black and White people could not even listen to music together?  He went from a little kid to a grown man overnight.    Okay let's face it.  The man has issues stemmed from his past.  But who doesn't?  Look at Madonna slapping Catholics in the face with her videos and on-stage performances.  That's her past affecting her.  Take a look at Prince who has been fighting his sexual demons as far back as I can remember.  Being a sexual deviant made his ass famous.  Look at all these Pop/Rock artists like Courtney Love for instance who couldn't even take care of her own fucking kid.  Who shoot dope around their own kids.  All these fucking artists who been in and out of rehab, DIANA ROSS, who have fucking died from a drug overdose, ELVIS, and, I might add, who can barely maintain himself due to so many drugs, OZZY OSBOURNE (with all due respect).  This shit is so unfair!  Michael Jackson hasn't had any drug/alcohol problems.  He's given a large portion of his money to children's organizations.  If he has the money and wants to change the way he looks, it's his fucking business!  Look at Pamela Anderson, Lil Kim, Cher, Elton John, Liza (old drunken bitch) Manelli (and her husband), and heaven forbid, Joan Rivers, and her dog faced daughter!  Those bastards have had countless procedures done.  But we don't see a fucking Dateline special on their faces.  If Michael wants to pay for change, let him!    As for the children, I honestly think Micheal's harmless.  I'd let my kid have a sleepover with him.  It's obvious that he's got serious stuck-in-his-childhood issues.  Can you blame him?  I'd like to have just one hour with Katherine Jackson because I'd whup her natural black ass!   She was a failure as a mother and a weak, stupid woman.  Any time you let your husband beat all the fuck out of your children, molest your daughters, and get rich off of it, you're a fucking poor excuse for a black woman.  Off with her head!  Stupid bitch!  I can understand some of what Michael is going thru.  I had a fucking torrid childhood.  Which explains why I'm the selfish, self-absorbed bitch that I am.  I feel entitled to it  because as a small child, I couldn't defend myself.  Now?  Sheeyit.  Consider me inapproachable (to strangers), confrontational, and down right mean sometimes.  Why?  Because I can be.  And I think Micheal has a right to be whomever he chooses to be.  He's harmless!  He's incredibly talented, and I think he has a heart of gold.  If there's ever proof that this man has violated a child, I'll stand corrected.  But so far, no proof.  Fuck that other family!  That was some bullshit.  I would've paid their asses to get off my back too.    So if you can't take Neverland, Michael's face, his beliefs and behaviors relating to his children then stop listening to his music and stop watching the other bozos mimic his dancing styles.  Any way you look at it, if you listen to popular music, you can never escape Michael Jackson, because he is the creator of so many things.  Everywhere you look, someone is biting his shit.  These "political" and "media" motherfuckers need to redirect their attention to working against this bullshit president we have.  It's because of him that America's image has been fucked up.  Don't get me started on that redneck bastard.