Spread Love    urlLink This  blows my mind.  If it's true, there's no hope for me..lol.    Okay, wussup with the Frenchie controversy?  We're all pissed and had enough of American Idol's bullshit.  I'm trying so hard not to pull the race card, so I wont.  But something aint right yall.  Kelly Clarkson was a liar and a slutbag.  Has anyone paid attention to this?  And now they got Nikki McKibben's porn history out there..she didn't get booted, and that bitch couldn't sing.  It's sickening.    I had the pleasure of meeting Frenchie back in November.  She opened up for a fashion show I did and she seemed pretty laid back and cool.  Backstage, she told Evermean and I about her experience in Hollywood and with Simon.   The chick can sing yall!  I've heard her live, she's incredible.   Anyway, it's really sad that they had to do that to her.  How many bitches in Hollywood do the whole casting couch thing to get a job?  Or how many two-bit actresses and singers are there now (wont say any names) who's backgrounds aren't all squeeky clean.  Fox network can lick ball sweat off a camel!  They suck and everyone should protest this injustice.  I wont be watching that shit anymore.  Family show my ass!  Joe Millionaire, Blind Date, Am I Hot and all of those bullshit reality shows bank on the fact that you can score a peep of a little T & A.  So that shit they did to Frenchie for some old shit (for a good cause) is foul.  FUCK FOX!  They can have all those stupid shows.  I'm sticking with Survivor!  Today's Valentine's Day (yawn), but I'm not celebrating it all like that.  Why?  Because Evermean makes everyday Valentine's.  She's exceeded my expectations by a long shot and I'm not going to take one day to appreciate her.  I do everyday dammit!  Plus Americans need to wake the fuck up, redirect their attention and start 'showing love' for some real shit.  Like the poor Iraqi children who are going to die if we go to war.  Show some love for DC's unadopted children and unemployed families in the soup lines.  Show some love for Prince George's County residents who are victims of gentrification thanks to DC's so called revitalization projects.  Have you seen Southest lately?  Where are their poor going?  Take a closer look!  Show some love for that man who may not look too hot, but he's nice and polite to you everyday.  Let me stop.   I'm just a little bitter right now.  Probably stress from all this terrorism/war tension.  I watched CNN all day today.  Saw the U.N. meeting from beginning to end.  No comment.  It's too much to go into.  Have a nice Love Day, be safe, and pray for peace.