Random Update   I'm sick.  Have been this way off and on for over a month now.  First, I had the flu, then Evermean, now...again...me.  It's awful.  Between working, I've been in bed battling this "bug" or taking care of my sweetie.  She's good now.  It's my turn to be a coughing snotbag.  The snow and freezing weather doesn't help either.  Hopefully, this cold will only last a few more days.  I'm sort of sick of pumping myself with anti-cold pills.    So what's been going on?  Lots.  Evermean and I celebrated two years on Jan. 18th.  Long time huh?  My sister had a HUGE party at my house on the 4th of Jan.  That was NUTS!  Again, drunk people lose their minds.  I think this is officially the DC party house.  Way more people showed up than were expected.  Everybody from our hood nikkas, to co-workers, friends, and random passerbys.  We had a blast and NO ONE got into a fight.  Woo hoo.  Diversity still works..I guess..lol.  Sunshine moved out.  She found her own apartment.  Personally, I'm way relieved cuz she got on my last nerve.  I don't have anything against anyone on meds, especially folks with diagnosed conditions like ADHD.  But I'mma tell you first hand.  That shit is crazy.  I've never seen a grown woman like that in my life.  She's one of the nicest, sweetest young ladies you'd ever meet, but girlfriend got major focus issues.  Tini and I were pulling our hair out with her.  It was like raising a 24 year old child.  Plus she refuses to take her Ritalin.  Bad move baby.  I wish her all the best with her new place.  After countless interviews, we found another roommate.  I'll call her Chula cuz she's a pretty cute Latina chick from Miami.  Cool as hell and our birthdays are two days apart.  Two Aries women under one roof should be interesting.  So far she's been here a week and it's all good.  We shall see though.  My job done driven me over the edge.  See my boss arranged things so I can work from home since Oct.  So for over 4 months, I've been living it up!  Sleepin late, watching trash TV, and spending quality time with the Mrs.  I was on serious housewife status.  Straight awf da cooking and cleaning.  That's until they called me awf da, "We need you to start coming in to the office..blah blah blah".  IN BALTIMORE.  Sux.  I love the company I work for, am crazy about my boss, but this particular location in Baltimore is where workers go to die!  It's horrible.  I'm only required to work there 2 days a week, then I'm in Rockville.  Over there ain't so bad, but Baltimore is the pits.  I can't even explain the shit.  The office culture is like circa 1979.  I'm still looking for Wilona Woods to jump out and do the pocketknife.  Yung...I'm telling you.   You couldn't pay me all the money in the world to live in Baltimore.  No way.  No how.   I've gotten so many emails about those Manolo boots.  Um...folks...Nona done found them long time ago.  I heard they are 150 at Steve Madden and in Philly, you can buy them for 120.  Gots me some other priorities before I binge buy for real.  Soon it will all be over anyway so I'm not pressed anymore.    That's it for today.  I'm seriously gonna try to keep posting.  Blogging has become so mainstream now.  Everybody's doin it now.  Doesn't seem so fun anymore right?    Imma holla at yall.  Kisses go out to the folks who emailed me.  I'm chillin yall.  I'd like to send a big fat R.I.P. to James Hough of C.O. City.  Neighborhood friend died of a car accident.  My heart goes out to the Scraypuz, C.O. City 5349 Mob, and the Hough family.  He's in a better place I'm sure.    Also, I'd like to send love to my cousin Turan who has been deployed to an undisclosed location for the Army.  Hold it down big baby.  Pray for peace folks so my cousin and all other service people can come home safely.