BMB - NOT BET   Yall knew I was gonna come on here and offer my opinion about the 3rd Annual BET Awards show last night.  All I'm gon' say is...it shoulda been called the BMB Awards instead.  That's right.  The  urlLink Beyonce ,  urlLink Michael , and  urlLink Bishop  (Don Juan)Awards.  First of all.....BEYONCE ROCKED DAT SHIT!!  She's the queen.  I'm sorry.  I thought J Lo killed 'em with her Flashdance style video.  But nah....Miss Beyonce (we call her "Bounce"..lol) really did her shit on Crazy's video.  And every time I see her perform that song, I anxiously await the "uh oh uh oh" part.  Even though I'm giving her props, I must be truthful by saying that the little booty shake to the congo beat is a DC original!  It's the "shake it like a white girl" dance from back in the 80's.  I should know cuz I used to be a DC go go HEAD (and I shook it on the regular...C.O. CITY 5349!!!!!!!).  Anyway, she has the legs of life.  I'd love to wear them as earmuffs lmao!!!  Hannellat BOUNCE!  Michael Jackson.  He's the MAN.  Fuck all yall wangsters who want to accuse him and treat him like trash.  Michael Jackson is the fucking MAN!!!!  I think he's hot too.  He was workin' those painted on jeans last night.  But Evermean and I screamed like we won the lottery when he came out there.  And when he got his dance on, he commanded the stage.  The crowd went nuts and so did we.  ATTENTION:  Bishop Don Juan.  Why yung?  Why Snoop?  Why BET?  Anybody out there feel me on this one?  I remember this dude on American Pimp when he had his mother on there talking about "her baby".  Diss fool is obcessed with GREEN (as in money).  But Snoop was dead wrong for giving this asshole a job, a high profile one at that!  Snoop, you're a pimp all by your fine self aight?    But they were the highlights.  They were the most interesting parts of the awards and that's why they should go to them.   I'd like to list my BET Awards Honorable Mentions on the positive tip:  Magic Johnsons message Anything about Rueben (I LOVE YOU ROOOOOOOOOO) India Irie  50 Cent - great performance   AND I CAN'T FORGET   urlLink GOOD   urlLink GOOOBILLY   urlLink GOO !!!!  Vivica was hot too but everybody already said it...lol!