Late Night Flashback File #???    SHOCKING, ISN'T IT?   I was in the 5th grade.  A little pudge I was.  Summertime.  Hot.  On the cusp of puberty.  We lived in a "development" - which is a nice way of saying the hood.  There was a transformer on our side of the property that had sent unwanted surges thru our buildings' front door exit signs.  In every building's hallway there was a sign posted, "STRONG ELECTRICAL CURRENTS.  DON'T TOUCH DOORS!"    I'm thinking ...yeh right...whatever.  That shit's for grown folks to pay attention to.  See our apt. buildings had these silver metal doors with plexiglass windows.  You know.  The ones that were easy to use a sharp object and carve, "Quanteesha loves Elwood Forever" on.   Seemed like MANAGEMENT was trying to warn residents that the exit signs that hung above these doors were sending unwanted electrical currents through 'em.    Mom never said shit.  Dad never uttered a word.  I had to fend for myself.  A game of chance it was.  Basically, if you got shocked, someone had to rescue you cuz you couldn't let go of the door by yourself.  The current sucked you in.  I'd gone outside to do what young people in the heat do.  NOTHING.  Just be out with my friends..chillin.  There was this boy that I had a crush on.  I'll call him Jim Dandy.  He lived in the building next to mine.    So I'm outside with a bunch of other kids and as time went by...there were sooooooooo many people getting the shit shocked out of them for touching the edges of the doors.  People were getting zapped left and right.  Obviously it wasn't deadly, but it scared the piss (literally for some) out of fools.    I waited and hoped that, the devil woman who watched me and my brother after school, would come out and get zapped.  I even staked outside her building wishing I would see that wig on the approach.   I HAD TO SEE HER CATCH A CUPLA MEGAWATTS.  Later on I see Jim Dandy coming out of his building.  I'm thinking...he's not gonna get shocked.  He's way to fine for that.  As he steps out of the building, he leaned on the door frame and ZAP!  Poor thing was shaking like a wildman, clinching his teeth, trying feverishly to LET GO.  I'm lost in love thinking, "Nooooo not Jim Dandy!  He can't get shocked!  I love him!!!!"  I couldn't stand the sight of him suffering like that and the other dirtball jerks around me just stood there in shock.  Pun intended.  They couldn't believe the cute boy was getting zapped.  I couldn't take it anymore.  All day I'd been in and out the house and never once touched the door.  Safe.  I'm the hero dammit.    I went to save Jim Dandy.  I grabbed him by the back of his shirt to try and pull him off the door.  Not strong enough.  So I figured I'd grab one of his arms.  Bad move.  Rul bad move.  All I could remember was hearing a roaring buzzing sound.  Sort of like pressing your ear up against the fridge.   Then I felt the dayum current move thru me.  I was too stunned to remember being scared.  All I knew was I was standing behind J.D. doing the fucking electric boogaloo in front of all my friends.  And if somebody aint come and get us...we wuz gonna be shocked for too long and die!  I can't be remembered as the little chubster who was shocked to death while making vibrating humping movements behind the boy of her dreams!  No!  And MAMA!  Thanks for greasing my head up rul nice.  Thanks for da "bow-rhetts" mama!  Imagine me.  I've got J.D. by the arm, he's twitchin and I'm twitchin..WITH MULTICOLORED little plastic shits in my head..flappin back and forth, sweatin with hair grease residue across my dome.    Finally a neighbor gets us loose.  I didn't know whether to cry from being that close death or that fucking humiliated.  All because I let my heart lead me.  All because I wanted to be the hero and didn't realize I an emotional wreck.  Also because my dumb ass aint pay attention in science class.  Electicity travels you idiot!!    The next day I got up, came outside to take the walk of shame.  I noticed that all of the doors had been removed.  I guess they said eff it.  They gon just take the dayum doors off.  Not one explanation.  Not one apology for "our inconvenience".  Hell.  They never even mentioned it after that day.     Bastards.