Where Da Hood At?    Evermean and I went to see the Lissen Band at Cada Vez on Friday night.  Now, I used to be a go go head back in the Trina Boo days but I've grown up and stopped dat shit.  Yeh Nona used to shake it like a white girl until she was a sweatball mess.  Since the whole Scraypuz mob was going (demz my family) for Sparkle's bday, we figured we'd join em.    I've been to Cada Vez before but NEVER have I seen it that packed.  Man it was black folks errywhere!  You could see the sweat on the walls it was so hot.  First stop.  THE BAR.  I figured if I'm gonna be hot, in here witta whole bunch of go go heads, I may as well get twisted.  Afterwards, I was so busy taking hands outta my back pockets.  That must be the thing in straight clubs now.  Niggas don't say hi no mo'.  They just stick their hands in your back pockets and pull you towards them.  What kinda caveman bullshit is that?  I thought Evermean was gonna kill somebody....lol.    Then Lissen startee "crankin"...(you know imma ol' head)..lol.  We got our party oun.  Somehow I missed the sex simulation part.  i aint know they went that hard up in there.  WHOA.  I saw a few friends I haven't seen in a while, Big Reds, Orange Man and some other folks.  Then they ran out of power.  Why does that always happen?  Then the lights came on and all the women who appeared to be fine looked like sweaty doberman pinchers..lol.  I was like aint nuffin change.  Girls be lookin phat as shit when the lights are out but DAYUM when they come on.  MM MM MM.  I guess the gay clubs DO have the best looking women.  The female Scraypuz mob shut dat bitch down...lol.  I thought my brother and 'nem was gon keel deez niggas grabbin and tuggin all over my sisters.   Evermean had me by da thoat, so yall know...lol.   After the club let out we just stood on the block looking at folks.  One of my brother's friends kept chasing unsuspecting white girls down the street like a savage.  That shit was funny.  I was ready to go home cuz my jeans were like gloves (you know tight jeans are a MUST at a go go...lol).  Everybody was going to come down the street to my house but all of us were hot, drunk, and tired.  They went their way and Evermean and I walked down the block to my crib...PASSED OUT.    i realized aint nuffin really change in the go go's.  Nothing.  Still lil young freaks, still niggas high off their asses, still grindin on each other without knowin name the first.  I just couldnt get used to being grabbed like that.  That's not cool.    Gay clubs here I come!!!!  LMAO