He Touched Me     Something strange happened to me today.  -okay Nona get's serious for a min.-  See where I work they have a HUGE team of custodians/cleaning folks.  They are hired by the Salvation Army so most of them have problems.  You know like mentally challenged, handicapped, or something like that.  They work their asses off to keep that shithole of a building clean and the agency employees treat them like DIRT.  Yall know me.  If everybody else is doing something, I'll do the opposite.  I make it my business to say hello to 'em, strike up a conversation, or just be myself (a complete nutball) and say some funny stuff, catch 'em off guard so they can at least catch a laugh for the day.  Trash talking is a hobby for me...lol.  All of them are nice.  I admit there are a few that are kind of "different" , but seem completely harmless.    Anyway, on my side of the building, there are like three young black dudes who take care of our area.  I see them everyday and everyday we at least speak to one another.  So today I'm leaving a meeting and I walk by one of my favorites.  He's so nice and such a little brown cutie pie. Plus he doesn't seem to have any of these said "problems".   When I said hello, I noticed he was crying.  Literally.  Tears were streaming down his face and his eyes were red.  He was trying to hide his face as I walked by so at first I figured I'd keep walking and mind my business.  Then it hit me like a ton of bricks.  This guy touched me.  Not literally, but spiritually.  It was very strange.  Almost like I felt horrible pain transferring to my heart.  Hit me like a bolt of lightening.  It was so overwhelming that when I got back to my desk, I just could NOT sit still.  I'm thinking,  what should I do?  This kid cannot be crying in the corner all by himself!  What if he really needs to talk?  What if he's contemplating suicide?  Or what if one of those trailer park managers they report to humiliated him to the point of tears?  I got up out of my chair and walked back down the hallway.  I had no idea what I was going to say to him, but I just HAD to see if he was okay.  Why was I such a sap?  I have no freaking idea.  I just was.  I FELT him.    I looked everywhere he was gone.  Me being a professional freak-out thought that maybe he was in the bathroom or something.   So I walked and walked, walked some more.  I HAD TO FIND THIS KID.  Finally I spotted him.  But I felt so anxious and nervous for fear of being cursed out, I came with a peace offering.  Before I walked up to him, I got a Hershey bar (everyone loves chocolate right?) to give to him.   Maybe it would make him smile or at least forget about his problem for just one second.    I walked the green mile up to where he was standing.  He kinda looked embarrassed and didn't want to make eye contact.  I asked him his name.  I'll call him "Cory".  Then I told him that I'd noticed he was upset and came to check and see if he was okay.  He said, "My body hurts really bad.  I have pains all the time and today is a bad day.  It's personal, you know."  Right then I thought to myself...if I could somehow take his pain away and carry it myself for the rest of the day I would.  He's so stinkin' cute and very nice so why wouldn't I?  I told him that whatever he was going through would pass and that I hope and pray it will get better sooner than later.  I reached into my purse and handed him the candy bar telling him that I hope it made him feel a little better.  He said, "Thank you but I can't have that.  I really cannot eat that."  Okay now I feel like a complete ass.  This poor man told me he had physical pain and I offer him chocolate.  But I was nervous!  I felt awkward and didn't know what else to do.  So I simply put my hand on his shoulder and told him if he ever needed to talk, come see me.  He continued to look embarrassed and thanked me saying, "I'm aight.".  Then I went back to my office and pretty much thought of him for the rest of the day.    When I got home, I told Tini about it.  She happens to work for a health research company.  She told me something I'd never thought about.  What could give a person that fit and young extreme physical pain.  Sickle cell.  I hope to God that's not the case.  If it is, I hope that he makes it through okay.     I still don't understand why I felt compelled to do this.  Yeh, I'm all sweet and nice (sometimes) but I've never had my spirit shaken LIKE THAT.  Now I look forward to seeing Cory everyday.  Eventually we'll become better acquaintances and hopefully his "touching" me was for a good reason.  I dig that kid.