Awwww Skeet Skeet "Tweet Tweet"    I've been holding back.  For so long, I've wanted to blog about my technical advisor here at work.   Sort of like a replacement for Big Shoulders (I miss her)..lol.   I needed a new manager type to eff with.  Since she's been getting on my nerves for the past 6 months, I've had it.  Let's call her Li'l Neck Peggy.  She looks JUST like  urlLink Peggy Hill  but her neck is extremely narrow.  She got the same glasses, lips, and hairdo.  The resemblance is uncanny!!!  Strange phenomenon.    Okay so Li'l Neck Peggy is a pain in the ass.  She's NOT my boss, but merely the technical advisor on my team.  You know, if you have a programming question or can't figure out why something doesn't run properly..she's there!  She may be a complete douchebag, but Li'l Neck got brains.    So I'll start on her by tell yall this one.    First of all ol' Li'l Neck has NO LIFE!  She's married to her job (you know the type).  No kids.  No man (woman..whatever).  No siblings.  Just her and her birds.  You read it right.  BIRDS.  As in  urlLink cockatiels .  She came in to work today horribly distressed cuz her one bird was in the hospital.  Get this...  She said he'd lost weight and she suspected something was wrong.  Once they got to the vet, ol' birdy bird needed a blood test.  She goes on to tell me that the only way they draw blood from a bird is thru it's jugular.  They  had to put birdy to sleep (using a gas mask).  By now I'm on the floor laughing in her face awf da, "They aint gas your bird!"..lol.  They get the test back and found that this poor bird has (gasp) chlamydia!  What the fuck?!!  How does a bird get that?  Yall know what my first though was.  Ol' Li'l Neck done got some head from ol birdy bird.  Or would we call it "beak" from a bird.  She done humped down savagely with her lil bird and gave him some shit.  I couldn't help it.  I laughed right in her face cuz I'd never heard of such craziness.    So yeh.  She's all depressed cuz da wittle birdy is on antibiotics.  She has to keep him away from the other bird so he won't catch it.  Is this real?  Did I hear something wrong?    All I know is if I get wind that she molested her cocks, I'm gon run tell dat.  Imma turn ol Li'l Neck Peggy in to the authorities.  I wonder if she has beak marks on her labia.  Peck me daddy!  Yes!  Peck da shit outta me.  And my li'l neck too!  STOPPIT NONA!    Ok.  Yall share dat.  (random thought)  I wonder what bird skeet looks like.   LOL!!!!