Still Recovering    Evermean and I went to the Stardust Strip Club last night for her friend's birthday party.  Packed house.   Nice vibe.  So after we got a drink from the bar, we go to the stage area and watch the girls.  As soon as I looked up, I saw something I'd  never seen before.  An Asian stripper.  WOW.  I mean, I've seen Black, White, and Hispanic women get naked on stage, but NEVER EVER seen this.  Mezmerized.    So we're standing there in awe while this chick works the bloody fuck out of these poles.  I can't believe my eyes!  She was awf the chain!  If I had a camera, I'd post the pictures on this blog tonight boy, I'm telling you.  Okay first, she had on a fresh LaToya Jackson, 1986 headband.  Kinda like the Asian girl with the long straight hair that used to be on Soul Train.  She wore a homemade bikini thong with yellow daisy flowers sewn on it.  Every time a guy would walk up to the stage and tip her, she would lose it!  I mean she WORKED FO' DEM DOLLAS okay??  Evermean and I laughed until we dayum near choked cuz this woman was droppin' and windin' dat coochie like she was on steroids or some shit.  Once she got naked it was oun!  She was attacking every Black man that walked up to her.  Makin' her buttcheeks clap and some mo'.  I planted it right there.  My ass wasn't moving cuz I had to witness this shit minute by minute.    Lots of other ladies did their thing (the usual) and of course, as I always do, I fell in love.   Actually, I was ALREADY in love with one other lady (from way back), but there was a new one I'd never seen before.  She had body for days!  For yall who don't know, I fall in love with at lease ONE stripper per club I go to.  Evermean and I sometimes contemplate on bringing one home with us..lol or we just come out and say the shit to an unsuspecting girl.  You wouldn't believe how far a little straight up talk will get you.  Maybe it's a female thing..lol.    Anyway, Evermean kept trying to get me to tip Ms. Asia but I refused.  I was scared she was gonna attack me in front of everybody.  Like she may have wrapped her legs around my neck and I couldn't break free.  Or she would "drop it" on me and I'd be afraid to PICK IT UP.  I passed.  Definitely.  Later on in the night, she came over to our table, shook our hands and said, "Tank you babies!".  I trembled in my chair.  Oh please Ms. Asia, don't!  Don't break fool on me!  I'll give you a few dollars to go "drop it" on somebody else.  LOL.  She was nice though.  Evermean and I spent the rest of our night grabbing our sides laughing at her GO OFF on the stage.  Plus she was doin' dat shit to Chuck Brown.    Stunned.  And still recovering.