Cupla Shout Outs    I was hanging out in Black Planet this week, which I don't usually do.  I decided to give a few shouts to some folks I received nice emails from.  See..I hated Black Planet.  HATED IT.  Because it was (then) the most ghetto, broke-down, embarrassing place to go and look at other people's pages.  I can't even explain to you how bad it was THEN.  Now going back, I've noticed a few changes.  Definitely more respectul people on there.  Yes, we still have our brave few who feel the need to grace their web pages with ass, stolen stylesheets and graphics, ass, bullshit about who they are looking for, ass, and overloaded eyesores (that they call personal pages).  I mentioned ass right?  Okay.  If half of these women realized how easy it was to LOCATE somebody online, they wouldn't do that punk shit.    Anyway, a few fellas were nice to me this week and I had to take the time out to say thank you.  I wanted to do so in public.  Many thanks to:   urlLink Mercifulf8  - he has a sense of humor like mine and he loves Jimi Hendrix.  Dass hot.   urlLink Truhumility  - His smile is like whoa.  And he's a sweetheart.   I've been chatting with them both.  That's been my entertainment for the day between doing this boring work shit.  Thanks yall.  You know what?  Now that I think about it, I guess Tini was right.  She accused me of flirting with the police officer that came to our place yesterday.  She said I can't help myself because I flirt all the time.  But men are sooo easy!  Fuck it.  Yes Tini (ya asshole), I DID flirt with the police guy.  INNOCENT FLIRTING.  Ha!  So I guess the two guys above this paragraph were my victims too.  Hmmmm..  Evermean's gonna kill me.  I can read the headline now,   "LADY OFFICER CLOBBERS NONA THE FLIRTSLUT!"  That has a nice ring to it.    She can't talk though.  It's because of her that I'm going to a strip club tonight for a bday party.  She'll be in FULL FLIRT MODE.  Imma hafta put my game face on.    lol  But thanks to those guys for keeping me awake today.  Oh yeh.  I have an unhonorable mention:   urlLink Check this kid out....    Interesting perspective to educate the lost.  INCREDIBLE!  lllllllmao!