IzzFest 2003    Isabel did us wrong!  First of all, the media (again) put us in panic mode.  RUN FOR SHELTER, DON'T LEAVE YOUR HOMES, ISABEL ISABEL!  So all, I mean all the grocery and convenient stores were packed.  Gas stations were mobbed.  Home depot too.  For what?  Three major things...batteries, sandbags, and water.  I understand batteries and water, but what in the hell are sandbags gonna do?  Yeh in a normal flood, sure, get loads of them.  But this was to be the largest hurricane activity our area has seen.  A sandbag aint gonna do shit.  Evermean's parents both work in emergency services.  She has two teenaged sisters.  Guess where we spent the night?  lol  Her folks were working mandatory shifts so we went over there to look after the girls, which was no big deal for me as long I was with my woman.  First, I contacted my folks to see if everybody was cool.  They were.  Off to the in-laws' I go.    When we got there around 5pm, nothing was going on.  Just a breeze.  By 6:30, my folks lost their power and the lights where we were flickered once or twice.  All of us decide to watch, of all movies, RED DRAGON.  Complete idiots.  Perfect.  Watch a scary assed movie before the lights go out and we out here in the woods.  LOL.  That's what I call out there.  The sticks.  I was like eff diss..imma start cooking dinner.  Tuna sandwiches...lmao.  That was the vote, so hell I made that!  Damn yall..lol  Suddenly, the lights flickered off again and back on.  Evermean jumps up and yells, "LET'S PUT OUR EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS PLAN IN PLACE!"  I'm looking at her like a complete freak.  Wha???  It's not that serious...jeez...lol.  So she starts literally combing the house looking for "emergency" type shit.  She'd brought her work flashlights and I had extra candles.  Me, her, and her sisters all did "our jobs" as part of "this plan"..lol..and got our shit together.  Cards.."check"...board games...."check"....flashlights...."check"....battery operated hallogen lamp..."check"...lock all doors....."check"....bottled water..."check"  let the dogs in..."check"  and then...OH SHIT!  DAD'S GOT A BATTERY OPERATED TV!  MUST FIND IT!  NOW!  We find the TV.  A little B/W joint with radio and a tape player.  Popped open the bottom and we needed 10 C BATTERIES!  Holy fuck!  We don't have that many.  Again, we scoured the house.  Why did we find 9 batteries?  Dammit all to hell!  We must watch TV if we lose power!  Evermean called her mom to ask if any extra batteries were in the house.  We got some.  Problem solved.  Back to Hannibal and nem.  Shit was crazy.  I'm all cuddled up scared and shit.  Then the worst happens.  No lights!  Power off!  It all went to hell after that.  No phones (just cells), no A/C, no lights.  The dogs are scared shitless. Awful.  We crank up the TV though!  Evermean's sisters went to sleep.  Evermean and I did the unthinkable....we went out on the front porch.  THE WIND WAS CRAZY!  I'd never heard of anything like that.  We're sitting there chatting it up looking at people's yard toys fly away, and all of a sudden we hear this "CRACK"  Evermean's parents' house sits in front of ..you guessed it......WOODS.  Evermean goes, "That's a dayumed tree cracking!"  Both of us hauled ass in the house..lol.  We didn't know which tree it was and where it was gonna land.    Back in the house you could hear the wind whipping past the house.  Debris and shit just zipping on by.  Evermean's parents' boat had been blown sideways.  The dogs were yelping.  I don't think I've seen anything like this before.  We're trying to get comfortable on the couch cuz I'LL BE DAYUMED IF I'M GOING UPSTAIRS!  Can you say creepy in the dark?  Plus there are trees outside of all the windows upstairs.  We played it safe and crashed in the family room.  All 6 of us slept there, dogs included.  We finally went to sleep around 2am.  This morning, we saw the tree.  It had landed right in front of the next door neighbors' house.  That among many other trees.  Still no power.  It's beautiful outside so Evermean and I left and made our rounds to see if my family was okay.  On the drive there, we saw hundreds of big assed trees lying everywhere!  My parents still had no power.  The entire neighborhood was still powerless.  I called Tini back at my house and our power NEVER WENT OUT!    Later this evening, we were bored.  Walmart!  Yes!  Lets go to Walmart!  We have a painful addiction to that place.  We went in there to buy pots of all things..lol.  We also needed milk. All they had for food was butter and orange juice.  That shit's funny.  What was a trip was they had a line for batteries.  The poor lady was trying to crack open that box fast as hell cuz she had a mob of people waiting for batteries.      Radios and handheld TVs were going like hotcakes too.  We got our stuff and got the hell outta there.  Now I'm sitting here scratching like a mangy dog cuz the Westnilians (mosquitos) done bit the shit outta me today at my parents' house.