The Main Event     Endless Calamity presents the first Back Office Brawl Series,  FISTICUFFS AT THE WATER COOLER!     Featuring the Department's Flyweight Champion, Li'l Neck "Pea Brain" Peggy vs. Super Swole Middleweight Champ, Nona "Isabel" Martini.  In her most recent effort, Nona stepped up her game to defeat the reigning bullweight champion, Big Shoulders.    The card, to be held at the "agency's" water cooler, will consist of one bout to determine who's neck will withstand the force of multiple blows.   Li'l Neck is returning from a 20-year haitus.  After turning down a job as a Bird Trainer (offered by the Croc Hunter), she decided to return to the ring.  She's gone thru vigorous training at Krissie Rae's Tae Bo for White Women Gone Mad and is confident that she'll reign supreme at tonight's bout.  She temendously strengthened her neck muscles by wearing 50-lb. birdcage pendant on a triple fat rope chain.  She got this idea during her research - watching hours of videos by the Big Timers.  Friends are quoted as saying, "We're surpised she's returned.  No wonder we haven't seen her in cooking class."   Nona hasn't trained one minute.  She's going on raw rage and frustration.  She's confident that there will be no contest during this bout.  Her crosshairs are zeroed in on Peggy' neck and she's rhet to sweat.    Fellow workers at "the agency's" headquarters would be shocked if Nona suddenly began quoting phrases from the  Good Times'  Junior Warlords episode.    She's well prepared to pepper Lil Neck with jabs and quick rights, with every intention of "breakin' dat neck".  Nona represents a brand new breed of female!  She's fighting for every office worker who is taunted and hovered over by management.  With every breath, she's going to land blows to prove that she is a top-ten fighter.    Here by the water cooler we were lucky to get a pre-fight statement from Nona, "Yeh...this fight is dedicated to Cyrus of NY's Gramercy Riffs!  CAAAAAAAAN YOUUUUUU DIIIIIIIIGGG IT!!!!"  When asked what will she do after winning this match, she replied, "Imma chief myself to death and look into the eye of the storm."  We're not sure what the hell she meant but throughout the interview, she kept yelling, "RUN WITH THE WIND!!!"  We're guessing it has something to do with the name Isabel.     This bout is supported by all working-class women of the world who are bullied in an office envirnment by a Type-A personality, anal retentive supervisor.  Sponsored by Prozac, Backwoods, and Hypnotic.  Nona's promoter, Glass Joe.  Unfortunately, he had to quit due to unspecified legal problems.     Endless Calamity is taking contributions by way of text in the comment box.    ....End Announcement...   My sense of humor stops me from going to jail...lol   Can you tell I had a bad day?