He Has Spoken    I have to send a HUGE thank you out to  urlLink Trent  for clearing things up following my recent post.  In case you guys don't read my comments, here's an opportunity to see what he said.  The original question was... why is it that we women get more attention when we're looking busted?  I put it out there to see if anyone could help me understand.   What Trent said was written very well.  I thought I'd share..  THANKS AGAIN TRENT!!  He said:   Hey, it happens to me all the time. When I'm headed off to work dressed to impress, the fly honey chicks run away from me. But when I'm bumming or slumming, and my breath smells like I ate a can full of garbage, the girlies are like, "Hey, what's up?" And I'm like, damn, I can't say anything, because if these girlies get a whiff of my breath, they are going to die.   For most fellas, the broken-down chick is easy to talk to. Why? Because "dime pieces" are hard to say "Hi" to because those ladies only want to talk to dudes who have money, and who are bling-blinging like Jay-Z or 50 Cent. Guys know that can't get the digits from a "major dime chick" because their guard is always up.   Broken-down chicks with no make-up, looking natural and who are dressing a little bummy are easy to say "Hi" to because their guard is always down and they don't look so glamorous. There's a strong possibility that a guy can get the digits from a broken down chick, than from a "high-class," glamorous bitch, er, excuse me, a fine-ass female.   So that's why guys are saying "Hi" to you  you weren't looking like a glamorous girl. You look like a girl from "around-the-way" and guys love to holla at "around-the-way"-type females. Guys are not saying "Hi" to you because you were "tore-up from the floor-up," they were hollering at you because you look down to earth. You were looking natural with no make-up and not all glamorous.   "I mean hell, when I pull it together properly, THEY JUST STARE! Or this one: They will act like they don't see me, wait for me to pass them, and look dead at my ass."   I do this all the time. I pretend that I don't see the girl and when she walks by, I stare at her big booty. To me, it's better than saying saying, "Gawd damn girl, you got a fat ass," like some men do in New York City. I tried to be polite about the situation. Look at the merchandise, but do not touch.   And I agree with you, women can be catty at times. In New York, women can be vicious to one another. I see it all the time on the train when I'm coming home from work.   But on the real, if I were a female, I wouldn't mind if you hit on me.   I hope I answered your question. There might be some fellas out there who have a better insight on this than me.   But on the real, we need to stop this. Black men and women need to start being nice to one another, regardless, if we are "broken-down" or "dressed up." We have to start loving each other a little bit more. That guy with the watermelon gators on could have been a really nice guy. But he got dissed based on the clothes he was wearing. Maybe the guy couldn't color co-or-din-nate his clothes right. There are a lot of guys out here who can't dress themselves.   Maybe that girl with the busted weave is a nice female looking for a nice guy to settle down with. But instead, she gets dissed because some guys are so damn superficial.   For me, I try not to diss any girl that says "Hi" to me. I'm single and looking for a hot girl. If the girl is looking busted, I would still be nice to her  who knows she might be the girl of my dreams. I try not to miss out on any opportunity to meet a nice girl. That girl with the busted weave, gold fronts and fake diamond-encrusted fingernails could be a nice girl, even though she does look like a nightmare. Hey, nobody's perfect.   Well, that's enough. Let someone else speak on this subject. This is a great post.   Holla!   Told ya.  Good shit huh?