Must Be Peanut Butta    Cuz Parkay don't look like dat.  Strange day yesterday.  Why is it that whenever I look broke (all the way) down, I get mad attention?  Today I had your typical, I-got-up-late-so-now-I-gotta-rush-like-hell morning.  Yall know the days.  When all you have time to do wash your ass, hit dem teath and RUN.  That was my morning yesterday.  I literally had to reach in my closet and pull out one of dem no-iron outfits.  The one you hate!  I hit the pavement with a dry face (fully loaded with allergy eyes), shake -n- go outfit, and my worst, "Is Massa Gonna Sell Us Today" walk.  Unfortunately on the day we have a monsoon, I had to take the train.  And I swurtagawd some people are just desperate!  On the low self esteem scale (from 1-10; 10 being the worst), I was a 12.  Trust me.  But I got dudes in my face awf da, "How you doin'?" left and right.  Then I had a dom chick stare me down like I was a 6-piece.  I'm puzzled.  Endless Calamity can't be that popular.  No way...lol.  Um...my nipples ain't showing thru my top, so what the hell izzit?  Is today parole Friday?  Get outta jail free or some shit?  Do I look so pitiful that these people feel sorry for me and have to say hello?  I don't know, but it really boggled me.     I looked around the train the entire ride home.  I see a few buns on there so why me?  I have no idea.  Some men have all the balls in the world though yall.  They will be pullin out a wedgie, trying to get spinach outta their teeth AND STILL SAY.... "How you doin?"  Boys.  Please explain to me why this happens.  Please help me understand why is it that when you got hella ass and titties all around you, you got some major dime pieces passing your way, and you feel the need to go after the most tired looking chick there?  I mean hell, when I pull it together properly, THEY JUST STARE!  Or this one.  They will act like they don't see me, wait for me to pass them, and look dead at my ass.    Let me peep yall to something.  When I see a beautiful woman.  Whether she is pulled together or not.  If I feel that something about her has really got my attention, I'll simply say, "I just want to tell you that you look so pretty today"  Gets em everytime...LOL  Prolly cuz they didn't expect ME to say anything nice like that.  They are so used to us black DC females.  I SAID IT.  Black DC females mugging each other.  Showing NO love at all.  We can be some of the most superficial and nasty brawds around.  I admit, I can be like that too, but only when I feel violated by a security guard with tight pants.  Or dem Huggie Lowdown dudes that think bright colored gators are the shit.  THEN I REALLY ACT UGLY...lmao. I guess they replaced them fools that used to rock outfits from the Oak Tree.  I hated them!!  I wonder where they are now that Chess King and Oak Tree have gone on.  Break the silence fellas.  Hit me up.  But if you still think tight nylon muscle shirts are hot, lose this URL immediately!  lol