Mullets, Nuts, and Crazies...Oh My!!!    A simple trip to the grocery store almost got us kicked out.    Evermean and I went to Food Lion to grab dinner.  Both of us were tired and delirious so we figured we'd get in and out.  Didn't happen.  I think we landed at the most disfunctional Food Lion in the country!  Okay so I'm just pushing the cart, minding my business when Evermean comes over falling out laughing.  She's like, "Girl...please look at dude's balls!"  I didn't wanna be rude so I waited a few seconds for fear of him catching me watch his crotch.  But nooooo she kept screaming, "Please!  Look at his balls!"  Finally, I looked in his DIRECTION, but couldn't find him because I spotted the worst mullet in U.S. history.  This chick looked like Miss Ballbreaker from Porky's, but she had a dirty blonde, extra long in the back, deluxe cut mullet with a dubba wide head band.  The freakin' bangs were all greasy and nasty looking.  Plus she had on biker shorts.  Evermean is still in my ear, so I go, "Fuck his balls! HEADBAND HEADBAND MULLET HEADBAND!"  Bent all the way to the floor laughing at the dude with the ball issue, she looked at mullet lady and belted out the loudest, most ignorant laugh ever.  So both of us are now cracking up in the middle of the store isle.  So she's like, "Stop saying 'balls' so loud.  People are staring."  At this point I'm sick of her mentioning this dude's balls so finally I get myself together and look dead at his crotch.     This man had on some extra tight shorts and had on no underwear of any sort.  His balls were literally giving camel toe, plus it looked like one was tryiing to creep down the leg part of his shorts and say hi to errybody.  So I'm thinking  If this man's ball slides from unna dem shorts, Imma lose it!   We had to leave the isle cuz we couldn't stop laughing.  We walked around the whole joint checkin to see if Saggy Balls Man's nut escaped.  Meanwhile, Mullet Lady is justa cruising around the store, flicking her mullet around, throwing sweat everywhere.  So yall know we were falling out laughing at this point.  Finally we get in the express line.  All of a sudden this crazy assed ol' black man yells, "IS YALL IN LINE?!", clinching the holy fuck out of a Tootsie Pop.  You read it right.  That's all he had, an effin' Tootsie Pop.  Main man was wearing a tight assed throwback, two sizes too small and a pair of elastic waist gym shorts pulled above his belly with a pair of dress shoes that had the backs cut out (ghetto slippers).  Then he had the nerve to have a blowout and big eyes.  So then he looks at the old lady behind us and asks US, "IS SHE IN LINE?!!!"  By this time, I'm like, "I don't know.  What do I look like the line spokesperson?".  Evermean fell out again.  The lady in front of us was so embarrassed by our antics, she straight up got outta line.  Worked for us.  Tight Throwback Man just kept gawkin' at us and when he had to put his Tootsie Pop on the conveyer belt, why did he put two dividers on each side and look at us as if to say, "DASS MINES!!!"  Of course, I had to be an asshole about it.  I said, "You wanna MAKE SURE nobody gets your Tootsie Pop huh?"  LOL  (like somebody wanted dat shit).  He just grinned and said, "Well I aint want the lady to ring it up as somebody else's"....  MMMMMKAAYY..  Then I caught one last shot of Mullet Lady.  OH MY GOD!!  She was with Saggy Balls Man!  Oh shit!  They're a couple!  Evermean and Nona  *flatline*  You woulda though we were on acid or something.  That shit 'kilt' us.  You mean to tell me that when Evermean kept on forcing me to look at this man's balls, Mullet Lady (that I was laughing at) was his wife?  OH LORD!!!!    We got the hell outta there and quick.  Before they escorted us to the door.  But before we left, we spotted a cashier that had a swooped to the side bush with about 15 miniature hair clamps in different colors.  And she had the nerve to have exactly three naps on her neck.  Perfectly shaped naps.  I know a nap when I see one!  I had to square off on Evermean in the parkinglot after that.  I can't believe she brought me to that place.    Fuckin trailer park Food Lion.    *random thought*  If he dipped his balls in chocolate would they be called chocolate covered nuts or BALL GRAVY?  Hmmmm