Had Enough!    Again, I hung out with my siblings.  This is after going to a cookout, drinking, and visiting with cousins from out of town.  They had the wonderful idea of going out.    Something yall must understand about my hood.  They always roll in squads.  The females have one and the males have one and most of the time they are all together.  That's just in case a good ass whuppin is in order.  lol  I don't usually hang out with them much because I don't really fancy the straight/black clubs in our area.  Plus I can't deal with the touchiness factor.  "Okay sweaty boy, grab my ass anytime you want!"  Nah..eff dat.  I usually have about 2 house parties a year and that's when I'm part of the group.  Cuz my whole entire hood comes out every time. Since this was a holiday weekend, I figured I'd just hang out with them once again.   By the time we got done with the debaucherous activities on the block (won't elaborate...lol) we didn't get outta there until like after midnight.  Nothing was really poppin all like that so they all decided, "Hey, let's go see Lissen Band at the Ascot!"  What am I a groupie all of a sudden?  I just saw them on Friday!  I can't do it! I didn't want to be a blower so I went.  ONE WORD:  HOT!  As in degrees.  What is it about go-go's and the lack of air?  Chicks must dig being all sweaty and shit.  I personally don't like my jeans sticking to me and having sweatballs trickling down my face.  I have to admit.  Lissen Band is really good (surprisingly).  They are like any other go-go band.  They cover.  Some may have their own li'l songs but mostly they cover everybody else's stuff.  Kinda like raggae.  This time, instead of being bitter, I decided to party.  OH DID I!  It was so cute watching the fellas drum up the courage to dance with me.  Finally I molested somebody's son (or daddy)..lmao.    Small observation.  When a woman dances like a maniac in a gay club, she gets the breakdancer's circle of onlookers.  At a mixed club, the drunken bastards just dance right along with her..creating a serious party.  In Savannah, Miami, Bahamas, or Jamaica, she can be drunk, half naked, and get down right freaky on the dancefloor with any fool she feels wants and will be seen as a crazy assed party girl (with fans).  But at a straight, black club (in this area)...she gets either molested, disrespected, or followed to her car.  I never understood that shit.   I had a blast though.  Then I saw one of my ex's.  DONE....lmao  I love it when an ex be awf da tight chest.  I was thinking to myself, "Hurt don't it?" He awf da  I miss you...when imma see you .  Of course being my usual shady self.  lol.  "I'll call you"...lmao.     I've offially reached my go-go quota for the rest of the year.  They can have that.