Land of the Lost    I was bored watching the Discovery Channel last night and came across  urlLink this .  It was a documentary about feral children (kids left to raise themselves).  This show covered history's most extreme cases.  Children that were raised by wolves or dogs.  LITERALLY!  I was so shocked at what I saw, I couldn't move.  Little babies that lived 3 years or longer being raised by packs of animals.    Apparently this is more common than one would think.  Take  urlLink this  woman for example.  She was raised by dogs for so long, that she actually barked, panted, and walked like a dog!  She'd picked up all the characteristics of a dog.  And  urlLink this little cutie  was also raised AND BREASTFED by dogs!!!!  Seriously, I couldn't close my mouth.  Stunned as I sat there and saw this with my own eyes.  This sounds like some freakshow circus shit!   But it's true.  And it happens in  urlLink THIS COUNTRY  as well.     Studies revealed that children who were abandoned and severely neglected  urlLink may never learn to speak .  EVER!  A child's brain starts to really take shape at age 3 and this is when the true language process begins.  Turns out, if a child does not have human contact and isn't spoken to for years (after reaching 3 yrs old), his brain becomes smaller and unable to ever understand language, empathy, nor compassion (in some cases).  Can you believe this?!!!  The documentary showed pictures of a child's brain and it DOES appear smaller and have small holes in it.  That's sooooo sad.  I  mean really, a child can never learn to speak..EVER and may end up in confinement.  How awful is that?!    This is a result of abusive parents.  The common denominator with practically all of the children I saw last night?  Alcoholism.  Not crack.  Not heroine.  ALCOHOL!!  These parents just up and left their kids in infested and abandoned places.  AND THE CHILDREN INSTINCTIVELY SURVIVED.  Never starved.  Never died of a fever or infection.  And, get this, NOT INSANE.  They were saying that dogs and children have a special bond to the point where dogs will bring food, breastfeed and clean the children as if they were their own.  This helps these kids survive.  Wow.  I couldn't sleep last night after seeing this.  And  urlLink this  is even more  chilling.    When I hear about stuff like that it makes me want to go back to college and change careers.  Get a degree in social work or criminal justice.  So I can take part in punishing the holy fuck out of these deadbeat parents.    STOP GETTING PREGNANT IF YOU'RE NOT A RESPONSIBLE HUMAN BEING.  It's just that simple.  And..  Prevent pregnancy at all costs when:  You use crack or any other drug You are younger than 21 and already have two kids You make less than 20,000 a year (household income) All you can afford is a one-room flat You're a worthless alcoholic Your male partner is a sex offender You beat the crap out of or neglect your pet If you hear voices or the devil sends you regular messages You're already on welfare  You're HIV positive You're sexually promiscuous and you have NOT been tested for STDs  You're a prostitute, crackwhore, hoodrat slut, or star in lway way low budget porn You believe that a pair of Manolos is more important than a case of Similac You've NEVER had any real responsibilty EVER! You were violently beaten, abandoned and abused as a child (seek help first)   Sorry, I had to get that out.  Yall should check Discovery's listings.  It's called  Wild Child.