Let Go!       This year, I just realized that October was National Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  I guess I either lived in a box for the past 10 years or I've blocked out some parts of my past and had no reason to think about this topic ever again.    Today I read something that almost brought me to tears.  It was a woman in DC who'd written about being abused for six years.  Chilling, believe me. It was an email and I chose not to share for privacy purposes.  But it made me think all day about how so many people (not just women), but people are abused everyday.  Defenseless children.  Women.  Men.  The elderly.  Practically everyone I know has experienced or has a family member who has experienced some form of domestic violence.  It's really sickening.   I can say that I've never been in a romantic relationship where I'd been physically abused.  I did have two instances where my respective boyfriends TRIED ME.     Boyfriend #1 - approx...1984:   We argued.  Got into a shoving match.  He threw me across the room and I busted my head wide open on an entertainment center.    How did I handle this?  Play nicely for two hours.  Accept his apology even.  Then heat stove.  One metal spatula.  Heat slowly.  Take heated spatula and slap the side of his face with all your might.    I must say, that was my first time seeing a grown man cry like that.    Result.  Never touched me again (or any other woman...lol) and we're ol' pals to this day.     Boyfriend #2- approx...1990   We argued.  I didn't want to talk anymore.  You know, typical female igg-da-hell-outta-ya.  He tried to strong arm me.  Held me down.  I elbowed him and he choked me until I thought I was going to die.    How did I handle this one?  I didn't.  He knew that my brother and his folks (fresh outta jail) would've WET HIS MONKEY ASS UP.  All I had to do was go tell it.  I opted to allow him to kiss my ass indefinitely.  And I enjoyed it for 11 years!  Result.  He never touched me again.  We have a sick way of communicating with each other now.  He hates me for 6 months.  I hate him for 6 months.  Pls refer to previous posts...lol.   I wasn't really raised around females who were physically abused.  My mom and dad used to fight when I was little, but most of the time it was my mom wearing his ass out and he wouldnt hit her back.  You know, the ol' "come in late and get the frying pan" type shit.  My sisters never had abusive boyfriends (thank God).  And I resolved my own problems.   I do know of some lesbian chicks who's girlfriends abuse them.  I don't understand that.  A man?  Okay maybe you may not be able to beat him.  But a female?  I double dog dare a female partner to hit me.  Can you say fisticuffs?  I'd be like Montecore on acid!     I believe in hitting back.  If I can't take you down by hitting your ass back, somethin' gonna take ya down!  And if you still wanna beat my ass, my daddy got 16 bullets just waiting for somebody to eff with his daughters.  He's 6' 2" and 'bout 275.  Maybe that's why my sisters and I have been so fortunate.     My heart goes out to anyone who is in a violent and abusive relationship.  So many of Evermean's calls involve domestic situations.  And I just don't get it.  All I can say is if you can't say "Let's talk", grab yo' kids and yo' shit and say, "Let's Go!"  I know it may not be that simple, but hopefully for some it is.