What Would You Do?    I went to my parents' house last night and got some horribly disturbing news from a close family friend (who will remain unnamed)  Let's refer to her as Pam.  This I could NOT believe!  She has a 9 year old daughter.  I'll call her Imani.  Imani was invited to a slumber party last Saturday.  Eight little girls and one little boy.  They all ranged in school grades from 3rd to 6th.  The party was held this party a few miles away from Pam's house.    Pam went to pick Imani up on Sunday afternoon, and Imani wasn't speaking.  MUTE.  She looked different and smelled of urine.  What the hell?  Here's what happened:  Imani was set up.  These little kids actually calculated some sick shit.  They invited Imani to the sleepover on purpose so they could torture her.    These little girls grabbed her by her cornrows and dragged her down stairs, headfirst.  They then snatched plugs of her hair out TO THE SCALP.  Then!  They took her sleeping bag, pajamas and pillow and submerged them in feces and urine (in a broken toilet).  They took her toothbrush and soaked it in Windex, bleach, and other household chemicals.  Then they jumped her.    The hosting parent noticed what she called "commotion" and took the two oldest girls back home cuz she saw them as the trouble makers.  She leaves Imani and the rest of the kids in the house alone!  So the kids continue to terrorize and torture Imani.  They continued to beat her until she finally locked herself in the bathroom.  For HOURS!  The parent came back, never called Pam. Not even once!  Imani had to spend the night there anyway.    Overnight, the kids broke into the bathroom, got Imani out, and tried to force her (by beating) to use that toxic toothbrush.  They wrapped her soiled sleeping bag around her and made her sleep on a cold hard floor smelling of urine and feces.    The next day, Pam picks her up.    It wasn't until she saw plugs of her hair missing that she wondered what the hell happened her to child.  Imani never spoke a word.  In complete shock.  So Pam calls the parent to find out what happened.  The parent said that some of the girls were "teasing" her and stuff like that.  TEASING HER!?  The child has no hair!    Finally Pam got Imani to talk.  She told her everything.  Pam lost it!  LOST IT and had to come talk to my dad to calm her down.  The elementary school got involved because Imani was to traumatized to go back in on Monday.  The school principal held a meeting with all the kids and parents of each child.  Every single child there that night either confessed or snitched on eachother.     They told everything.  The principal wanted them to apologize.  APOLOGIZE?!!  Is that fool crazy?      Now if this was your child, what would you do?     I would be in jail right now.  Cuz somebody's kids would get fucked up.  And the hosting parent woulda got shanked.  No bullshit.    Pam has pressed charges against every single child there that night.  She has also pressed charges against the host parent.  In the state of Maryland, if a child is older than 6, he or she can be tried and convicted.  I HOPE THEY THROW THE BOOK AT THESE LITTLE BITCHES.  Believe me when I say I will be in court with Pam.    I will be there to see these little bad assed girls go straight the fuck to Waxter Juvenile School for Girls.  Let some of those for real rough little girls fuck them up.    I still can't believe children so young can be so calculating.    When I was a kid, my dad told me to never fight on school property.  But once a bully got off campus, whup the shit outta they asses.  And to never start a fight.  I came up in a rough part of town where the girls would straight jump your ass.  But it was a quick ass whipping.  I was taught to go after the ringleader.  The biggest bitch in the bunch, take her out and you're cool.  Never have I seen anything like what these kids did to Imani.    Shit just aint the same these days.    Imani is getting better.  She hasn't been back to school.  She is in counseling.  Home schooling may be an option until this settles.