Blown    I've been sitting here for hours.  Feeding my addiction.  EBAY.  I just can't stop.  Over the past week, I've purchased 4 pairs of shoes and a silver and amber ring.  I even went looking on Ebay UK.  Found some boots I just HAD to have.  The auction ended when I wasn't watching.  Now I'm completely depressed  because I lost  urlLink these  to a jughead for a measley 33 bux.  GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!  I'm so busy looking at italian charm bracelets, trying to figure out what charms I want and boom!  My auction ends.  I'm seriously gonna need rehab.  Evermean's gonna leave my ass cuz I can't stop.  Purzsa Martini and I were talking last weekend.  I recently found out that I'm not alone.  She too is addicted to Ebay!  What we gon' do Purzsa?  Yooz my house sista.  We've gotta think of something quick!  I'm saying 'no no' to Manolo.  I can't justify paying 3 bills for shoes.  Can you say soup line?  Now I got my eyes on  urlLink these .  Oh God!!  They would look sooooooo cute!  And it will empower me to buy a suede jacket.  Yes! No! Yes!  No!  See what I''m going thru?  Last year I spent a fortune on shoes and handbags.  Fuckin' wiff Ebay.     What's up with apartments and October 15th?  WHY CAN'T YOU TURN THE HEAT ON BEFORE THEN?  My toes are like icicles right now.  I'm a shivering fool.  I bet if I go out on the balcony and ignite some lumps of old charcoal they'll turn some shit on.  Effin' temparature managing bastards.  It's cold!     I'm really sick of religious correctness.  Seriously now.  I was reading about one of my new favorite bands.  Evanescence.  All this talk about them defacing Christianity sucks.  So what the dude said 'fuck' in an interview.  Gosh!  Then they had the nerve to pull their CDs out of Christian bookstores.  I'm going to say this and I could give a rat's balls what people think.  It really boggles me how Christians love to pick and choose their sins.  They love to point the finger at somebody for dumb shit.  FUCK!  The dude said FUCK!   On the flip, their lyrics move me.  Amy Lee has a lot to say.  If I had to guess, she's enlightened quite a number of "the lost".  Even though I'm not really feelin' the gothic look.  What they say in their lyrics is very spritual and God-loving.   Some of them are deathcentric but they convey a message of faith, strength and submission to God.  And they confront evil without fear.  What's so wrong with that?    And of course their going to say, "Heck no, we're not a Christian band!"  Look at Creed.  They attempted the same thing.  Yeh.  Be a cool rock band hitting mainstream and try to keep kids buying ya shit.  Tell 'em you're a Christian band and they'll run!  But if you SLIDE some positive stuff into mainstream media.  That's ingenious.  Kids will buy it.  They will listen to it.  And whether they believe in God or not, they will receive a powerful message by listening to that CD.  Look at Kirk Franklin.  50 years ago, Christians woulda wanted his head for yelling, "Thow Ya Hands Up!" while jumping around like a circus freak wearing tight pants.   But his message spoke volumes!  Christians like to side with whatever's in their comfort zone.  Kirk ol' boy!  Ya made it this time!  Remember people.  It's NOT the  messenger.  It's the message!    Now I know why I've since denounced that faith.  Fear based religion.  Screw that.  Do it or you'll burn in hell!!!!!!   You'll be thrown into a pit of fire for watching the Teletubbies, listening to "secular music", and using profanity.  But you sure as hell can hump a child under a church pew.  We'll even overlook when a husband beats his wife.  And don't forget to pay your tithes so pastor can get dat 2004 Cadillac.  Of course I'm not speaking about ALL Christians.  It's just those super judgemental ones that get me.  For the record, my dad's a minister.  So please save your super sensitive comments.   Been there.  Done that.    Evanescence rox.  Seriously.