A Tale of Three Cities    Evermean and I are back from our vacation.  It was definitely interesting....    Philadelphia   We stayed at the beautiful  urlLink Embassy Suites in Downtown Philly .  First of all it was DIRT CHEAP.    Special thanks to Purzsia Martini for hooking a sista up!   When we arrived, we got first class service.  Free top-shelf happy hour for two hours AND free buffet breakfast the next morning.  Hell yeh!  Of course Evermean and I got so drunk we couldn't make it to Oohzee's party that night.  Drats!  We got our sip on and passed out...lol.  The next morning we had breakfast and headed for the train station.     New York City   A vacation isn't a vacation unless I get into a confrontation Nona style.  Our plan was to take the Septa to the NJ Transit.  If anyone in Philly knows, this is the cheap way to NY Penn Station.  Amtrak robs people..lol.  We're on the platform in Trenton and Evermean is purchasing our tickets.  The NY train is pulling off in five minutes.  There's a long line of people behind us praying they'll make the train.  As we all know, it's always a female who tries some ill shit.  Evermean is carefully following the instructions on the machine while I looked on.  This chick out of nowhere cuts the line after begging the lady behind us.  She was awf da, "I gotta get on this train!  Can I please get in front of you?"  The woman behind us was fairly nice to Rushing Rita and let her cut in front.  She's now standing behind us sighing and impatiently folding her arms.  Then she turned to the lady behind her and goes, "DOES THIS LADY KNOW WHAT THE HELL SHE'S DOING?!"  Nona  We got on the train and lol Evermean wanted to know why I got in the woman's face.  Awf da, "We can't go NOWHERE without you being mean!"  No Mrs. Martini, I wasn't being mean for no reason.  I was protectin' yo' ass.  lmao.  She thinks I'm way confrontational anyway but who cares.  We never saw the chick get on the train so I'm guessing she either missed it or she didn't wanna get on the same car with us.  It's always a petty bitch who tries some dumb shit.  Keep your mouth closed and fucking wait just like we did!    On the train, one of the conductors wanted to be pimpalicious in our car.  It was funny.  Mad luv to Ali on NJ Transit.  He was cool as shit.  Not to mention he took my sunglasses off my head and pimped up and down the car flirtin with the ladies.  I think we just attract fools..lol.  Once we got to Penn Station, Evermean was a little overwhelmed.  I found that incredibly funny.  Everything from the crowds to the conmen on the subway, Evermean was done!  Her poor little face looked so pitiful as li'l ol' ladies and other people shoved her all around.  They cut in front of her getting off the train and shit.  She just stood there looking so victimized  while I got my life..lmao.  I know.  I'm a sick puppy.  Finally I told her that NY'ers are way more aggressive.  I wont say rude.  I'll say aggressive.  I explained that she had to take off her DC hat and try on a new one...THE NY HAT.  After that, yall shoulda seen her..lmao.  She was bustin' through crowds like a linebacker and walking at hyperspeed.  See in DC, you can't brush up against anybody or, god forbid, jump in front of or shove someone.  Cuz yo' ass will be in an instant fight.  Especially if it deals with a female.  Yooz gon' beef!  Trust me.  So here we try to overuse the 'excuse me' phrase.   Road rage and subway arguments are pretty common here.  That's because females here are sooo defensive and confrontational.  But who am I to talk?  lol   We stayed at the  urlLink Barclay in Rock. Ctr .   NICE!!!  VERY NICE!!!  We did the usual NY touristy shit.  Times Square and the WTC site.  Evermean was a little scared of Times Square.  Too much action for her.  The WTC site was extremely ...extremely moving.  I had to walk away a few times cuz it was just sooo sad.  Americans.  We have NO IDEA how that impacted us.  Nor will we ever have an understanding of the devastation until we visit it!  It was completely unbelievable to see a big gaping hole there.  And to experience the sadness all around.  The notes and pictures put a big fat lump in my throat.    But something pissed me off.  WHY THE FUCK ARE VENDORS THERE?  NY'ers please help me understand this.  These fuckers are making money hand over foot by selling 9/11 memorabilia.  Videos, pictures, hats, t-shirts, etc.  Right there at the site!  WHY?  Is this money going to the surviving families or a fund for the children of the lost?  Or are these fartbags just making a profit?  It sickened me to see that.  I think its pretty crass.  It's greedy and sick.  If there's no proof that a portion of the monies is for helping these families, YALL SHOULD PROTEST THEIR ASSES.  I'mma leave that one right there.  I spoke with  urlLink Andrea  on the phone.  Sweet lady.  We were supposed to meet in person so she could see I wasn't truly off my rocker..lol.  But something came up.  MWAH Andrea.  It was great speaking with you girl!  You know we'll be back up there soon.  And I heard that my  urlLink lil brown girl  heard I was there.  I know you were busy.  Hugs to you as well.  BROOKLYN!!!!  lol.   I'm sure I'll meet yall soon.   Sat night we went to a NY Liberty party at Sable in Times Square.  A lez party fo' da ladies.  Evermean and I got tipsy before we left the hotel..lol.  Her cousin and his lover came by and we had our own private happy hour.  We got to the club and again... I fell in love with a stripper.  J Lo lookalike but BETTER!  She gave me a lapdance and I damn near lost it.  But a few other girls jumped in on MY lapdance.  Including one of the players (I wont mention any names).  They all jumped on the sofa that I was spread out on.  So pretty girl just humped all of us.  LOL.  I was so stunned I can't even remember her name.  Evermean left me there by myself cuz she'd gone back to the bar.  When she got back, I had pretty girl hump the hell outta her.  hee hee hee.  It was fun though.  The girls there weren't as HOT as the DC girls (I have to be truthful), but we had a blast.  Second hotel room pass-out.    Sunday we spent in the Village.  The chirren were out there boy.  MM MM MM.    That night we took the trains back to Philly.  Met a flaming but funny train conductor named Basil.  Dude was awf the chain.  We all exchanged numbers cuz he claims he's gonna come party with us.  We'll see.   Atlantic City   We drove to Evermean's folks' house in Jersey.  Spent two nights there and hung out in AC for a few hours.  Didn't win a fucking dime.  Well I did win a 100 bux but gave it right back.  Didn't expect to win really.  Harrah's gave me 10 bux just for showing up.  Awf da, "Thanks for coming back to see us!  Here's 10 dollars!"  lol.  I held on to that with the death grip cuz Evermean has no control in casinos.  She spent every coin in her pocket.  Like a little kid just running around trying to feed machines.  She had fun though so that's all that mattered.  As for me, I was trying to rebuke the Roulette demons.  They wuz callin' me!  I behaved though.   Okay this blog is getting entirely too long and who gives a shit where I've been anyway?  We got home Tuesday night.  Broke and fucking beat.  Evermean now has a mean chest cold (thanks to riding with her uncle in his convertable). LOL  Oh!  I HAVE TO TELL YALL ABOUT THIS.  Her uncle bought a vintage, candy apple red, 1951 ragtop Chevy.  Why did he name it El Louise Cherry Bomb Jackson?    That was a killa!  So I've been doctoring my woman back to heath.  Ya know.  Housewife shit.