To Be or Not To Be      I'll have to vent by telling yall that I don't wanna BE a part of this politically correct workplace bullshit!  Why is it that companies and organizations force employees to do morale boosting stuff like bday parties, showers, and raffles when we barely know one another?  Then they make you feel like Scrooge if you don't want to participate.  I ask you, my good people.  Is it rude to say, "No, I don't want to pay twenty dollars to go towards a gift for _____."  I mean, I barely even speak to the guy and all of us here just listen to headphones and write code.  (yawn). We rarely have meetings and the only dudes I talk to are the smokers and that's only when we go outside together.  I just don't get what the big deal is.    There are like 12 guys...and me and Peggy.  Do you think guys give a shit about some fucking potluck?  Does she think they will feel underappreciated if she cancelled the monthly bday lunch?  It would be different if we worked as a REAL TEAM and not a bunch of dry-assed, cubical trapped, techie losers where talking about the new features in the new Blackberry is the highlight of our day.  Maybe I'd feel better if we gave a crap enough to know each other for real.  All I know is one dude talks too loud on his cell phone, one dude flies in from Florida twice a week, one dude plays the bongos in a band, and the rest of them have been here less than 2 years from Kashmir, India.     Oh and let's not forget Peggy.  Ol' Happy Hussy herself. The last time we had a potluck, this bitch made flamingos out of canteloupes.  Don't ask.  Bird fetish I'm guessing.  Maybe next time, she'll make us some eagle beak stew. Who knows. She's special and wants to throw a huge shower on the 7th of July.  Then had the nerve to ask each of us for 20 bux so she could get a gift.  Hells naw!  Rude or not, hells fuckin naw.  Lame assed shit.  Yeh we'll all give her 20 big ones each so she can recycle an unused gift she received and spend the cash to buy her a new super dong vibrator.  Fuck her.....  The shower will go on without my contribution.  Dat bruh be aight he'll get a card.     What do I say during these festivities anyway?  "Hey, wussya name again?  Ay man, congratulations on the engagement and errything.  That's good shit.  Ay lemme git a piece of that cake."  C'mon!  This is not a work environment for that type of stuff.  We come in, we put on headphones, and we tap away at the keyboard.  Then we throw up the peace sign and bounce.  But noooooooooo Ol' Peggy has this wild hair up her ass.  This wonderful idea for us to have monthly potlucks and bday lunches!  Fuck off Peggy Think A Lot!  Why dont you party with your parakeets ya crow nibbling shrew!!  It pisses me off because I'm the only one who gave the blown face.   The guys just conform to whatever standards she sets.  Consider me a rebel...with the passion of a bird lady killer.    What will I bring to next brilliant potluck?  A piece of my mind?  A bowl of deez nuts?  How bout a big fat slice up da side of her cheek?  I hate this teaming shit.  If she wants a team, she needs to leave the playing field and perch up beside one of dem 'keets she manages.    Stupid cunt.  Don't get me wrong.  If the company I work took more time to properly introduce and initiate new employees instead of throwing us all together in one room and leaving us, I'd be more willing to "team".  But fuck it now.  They put my black ass, a funny Italian, a rack of Indians, and a futile bird humping shedevil in one office.  Brilliant.  Go team!!!!