Like It T. I. IS    For some reason, these words inspired me today:   Meet me in the stillness Away from all this madness Ill give you a piece of me If youll give me a moment   life is too short to have sorrows you may be here today and gone tomorrow you might as well get what you want and go on and live   Kinda how I'm feeling today like I'm just staring at a white wall with nothing but a red dot on it.  Thinking who put it there?  Why only one?  Why red?  Don't ask me, I'm in a trippy mood today.  Just kinda blah I'm guessing.  Eventually, I'll snap out of it.  I am looking forward to seeing Paris and Nicole tonight.  Word of advice. Don't ever watch them when you've been "smoked in the wilderness".  You'll laugh like a complete retard.  Some folks hate The Simple Life, but I loved the first season.  They are sooo ghetto even though they're rich, which I find so funny.  Consider that one of my guilty pleasures.    This past Sunday, I went to see Madonna at the MCI center.  I'm telling you.  The concert ticket business is run by the mob.  How in the world can one justify selling nosebleed seats for 400 bux plus?!!  C'mon!  Evermean and I worked day and night trying to score three floor seats.  We finally hooked up with a dude named Felix (a complete internet random), who turned out sooo cool.  He sold all three for $475 and we were like 30 rows from the stage.  Okay correct me if I'm wrong.  Floor seats aren't all they are cracked up to be!  Try stretching your neck to see around super tall freaks for 3 hours.  It sucked so bad.  Being short ain't fun.  I basically had to lean and stretch until I found a good view of her.  At least in the stands you're slightly elevated so you can see!  The concert was just OKAY.  Madonna Kaballah'd us to dayumed death!  Hello!  Stop pushing your religion on us Miss Material Girl!  Good Lord!  If I didn't know a thing about Kaballah, I know some stuff now.  In her defense, she did address serious issues during her show.  Thought provoking type stuff ya know?  She opened up with a video montage of herself (going thru changes) while narrating verses from the Book of Revelations.  The stuff that's written about the end of days....famine, wars, etc.  That was pretty cool.    She didn't dance and break fool like her usual self, which blew.  And I have to mention her souvenirs!  70 bux for a fucking t-shirt? WTF??  30 bux for a program booklet?  Madonna!  Stop robbing people.  I'll probably not go see her if she tours again.    But JANET!  I'm waiting for ya baby!!  LOL  urlLink  This dude wrote some funny shit !  Read all 13 pages at your leisure.  Comic relief fa sho!  BUTTER TROLL AND ROLLER PIG KILT MEH..LMAO