Type A Personality = A-1 Ass Whippin     Is it me or do Aries women have a problem with Type A personality females?  What does the 'A' stand for anyway?  Lemme guess:  Arrogant Asshole Annoying Anal Abhorrent Alone  *****    Peggy Hill (my project mgr.) is at it again.  She's cruising for another confrontation.  Last month, I told her off in my tactful and professional manner cuz I didn't want her to play your typical I'm-not-comfortable-in-this-work-environment-with-her bullshit.  But this time, I'm taking any prisoners.  She just likes to jerk my chain, but what she doesn't realize is I will JERK her by the collar and knock her glasses off, punch her in the face, throw her down and piss on her head.  SORRY YALL.  That's how frustrated I am with her.    You know how you work with females who, since they can't find shit else wrong with you, they will FIND stuff to "address"?  Well she done addressed the last thing with me.  Plus I just found out that she's a stool pigeonm going behind my back and talking shit to my boss.  He told me that.  Now he and I have to have a meeting to discuss how to improve the relationship between me and Peggy.  My strategy is to make her look bad (as always), make her more jealous and hence, piss her off.  She has a problem with my not conforming to her ideas on this project.  She's the project manager, NOT the project lead.  I take direction from him, not her.  And every chance I get, I remind her of just that.    She's the poster child for Type A personalities though.  In my experience, these are the worst women for me to get along with.  Imagine.  A confrontational/dominant bitch who knows her job in her sleep, never falls short of expectations, loves to play the victim and practice her extreme nonconformist ways (me) and a lonely, miserable, anal-retentive, senile old hag that makes all of her clothes (and looks like she shops at the JoAnn Fabric trunk sale) with no friends, no flavor and uses her Master's that she got back in 1972 as leverage to bully people on the project (her).  She has a one-track mind and does everything HER way and the SAME way everyday.  Even down to eating lunch (spoon over her, fork over there) and driving to work (must park in this space every day).  People like that get stalked and robbed.  Then there's me.  Innovative, likes to try new shit, open to new behaviors, only God knows what imma eat each day and....I'm awf da, 'I'll be home when I get there....BORN WITH FISTICUFFS...lmao  There you have it.    Peggy betta backdafuccup!  (exhale)