Jack - O - No - Mo'   My mom (elem. teacher) called me last night asking if I'd help her put together a costume for her school's Halloween parade.  She was basically required to dress up as either a storybook character or someone from another country.  So I suggested that since she didn't have much time and/or resources, she should just settle for something simple like say...Mother Goose.  That way she can just pull something together at home.  Anyway, so later I call her back to see how her costume creation was going and she was sort of leaning towards my Mother Goose idea, but thought of another "cool" idea, so she thought.  She figured that since my dad owned a dashiki and headdress, she'd just go as an African.  Does anyone what's wrong with that picture?  Um....note:  my mom will NOT be seen out in the street on Halloween rockin' a dashiki, mkay?!!  I'll not have it!     So after telling her I would never speak to her if she marched through the hood in a dashiki, she decided that Mother Goose was the answer.  So you know, I'm figuring Mother Goose..hmm....robe, bonnet (or satin shower cap), glasses, maybe a little basket with storybooks inside, and some slippers.  My mom already has the curly salt -n- pepper hair to fit the look.  Later on last night, I'm watching the news and see  urlLink this .  LOL!!!  They done cancelled Halloween in the hood man!  Yall know we Black folks don't play when it comes to stuff like that.  Halloween has always made us feel uneasy in the first place, but now that our country is under attack, folks be awf da "fuck Halloween!".  So my poor mother had to go to school this morning with a broken down face, cuz she couldn't be Mother Goose.  Thank GOD!   Ever seen a Black Mother Goose anyway?  Plus I was afraid she'd get lazy and nix the bonnet and settle for a jheri curl bag.  Not to mention the fact that I didn't trust her with that dashiki, I'm telling yall.  My mother be acting crazy sometimes.  So thanks to community folks, Halloween will be skipped!!!  Oooh thanks Mr. Mayor!