Faux Friends     As with many bloggers, I can see who visits my site. In most cases I know when my folks read this little piece of my life and I am often entertained by the nerve of some. One person in particular used to be one of my closest friends. Like back since 1997, she and I been tight. I mean TIGHT...shared so many parts of our lives. And I loved her as a best friend. Not anymore. I haven't spoken to her since probably this time last year. Maybe longer. You could say she's ducking me. Why? Why else. Money. What pisses me off is she has the audacity to read my shit as if to see how I'm doing but she can't pick up a phone and deal with the truth.     They teach you in school that drug addicts will hurt you unintentionally. You know. It's an illness, blah blah blah and eventually they will have to make amends with those they've crossed. That's IF you get in a program. This female thinks she's ABOVE a program and most times denies that she even has a problem. I would be empathetic, at the very least, had she not been the petty, fake friend that she is. I feel nothing for her, not even pity. For I am a product of drug addiction (brief family history), so I know the patterns. I also know that a lot of them are receptive to help from loved ones. For a fact I know that regardless of whether they steal, rob, or hurt, they feel remorse and guilt. Not her. She's too selfish and a snobby for that. Maybe it's her "artistic" ways...who knows.  Before, it hurt me to my heart to see her go down off and on and off and on. Watching her lie and hurt so many people. One person she could count on who would NOT judge her was me. Then she did dat petty shit. Looked right in my face, came into my home, lied to me AND Evermean and promised she'd return the favor. Then poof. Gone. Like her name was "Gator" or some shit.  Now she has the nerve to read this. Or even better. People will say to me, "I found your blog because ***** told me about it." Well did she tell you she shit on her friends? Did she tell you she's a pathological liar? Did she tell you she couldn't be trusted? Better yet. Did she tell you how tasty crack is on PCP????? Betcha she didn't.  So Miss  Whatever the Fuck You're Doing With Your Life Right Now . One day you will have to choose between darkness and light. One day you will realize that Karma is real. One day you will break free of that life you lead. And ONE DAY.....you will look in the mirror and face that demon all by yourself.  As for me. You don't have to read this to know me. You already do. It's ME who doesn't know you.  Glad I'm free.