The AntiChrist      I have to say, Chuck E. Cheese is the antichrist, I swear to beans!  My neice had her 2nd birthday celebration at the Laurel location and I'm telling you what, that place is evil!  It really makes kids go nuts!  Everything from the bright colors to the characters playing instruments on stage, makes children turn into crazed human beings.  They're energy level goes up way high and they just DON'T OBEY their parents.     Let's take my neice and nephews for instance.  Those little fools didn't know what to do next.  They were diving head-first into the plastic balls and running top speed throughout the showroom while ol' evil Chuck danced on stage singing those God awful songs.  I wanted so bad to go up there and beat the hell out of Chuck-E.  Yall just don't know!  There he was all smiley with his "magic wand" (which I think is loaded with some sort of happy gas), blinking those big eyes at everybody.  I wonder what would've happened if I snuck up on stage and punched all the shit out of him.  Would they lock me up for beating the starch out of an oversized rat?  Would they actually handcuff me and take me away for protecting the children from this furry bastard?  If I had my way, I would've uppercutted his ass!  Let's not talk about the band members.  What's up with them?!!!  They're eyes didn't look right.  Especially because they were extra big and blinky, that shit freaked me out.  I wanted so bad to run for my life once Chuck-E started doing the birthday march.  That's some "different" shit man!  Meanwhile, all the kids are following behind him conga line style in a sick giggly trance.  Yall have got to believe me on this one.  Chuck-E Cheese is evil.  Kids just don't do shit like that!  My neice wasn't right for the rest of the day.  I think she was still in the "rat trance".  Ol' "furry back" had the "thang" on her.  I thought we would have to call Ms. Cleo to get the "rut" offa her..lol, cuz she was gone!  Parents should not let their children trust this fool!  He's definitely evil.