Today's Dedication   I'm going to dedicate today to all of the  urlLink big men  out there.  They gets no love man!  My reason for this is because first, full-figured women are getting love left and right (unless they're victimized by me..lol) and the big men don't get it.  Yall know I'm always complaining about how men approach us ladies and yesterday's situation is worth mentioning.  Yesterday morning this really big guy kept eyeballing me on the train.  When I got off, he walked to the door and gave me a smile and waved saying, "Have a nice day".  Then last night on my way to my folks' house another really big guy said he thought my hair was really cute on me.  He liked the way it looked around my face and said he just wanted to share his thoughts with me.  So I got to thinking....  Of all the asshole men who approach me, the big boys don't ever say anything stupid.  It's always the fake ballers or the fools who try to pimp women but be backin it up on the DL in the gay clubs.  Plus let's not forget the thugs who think if they say something nice to a lady, he's a punk.  So yes..today I'd like to dedicate my day to all the teddy bears out there.  Wear yall's big shirts on the outside of ya slacks and be proud gawddammit!  Stand up and say fuck all deez lil menz.  Bouncers, raise up!  The happy hour oldhead fools, yall gets no love either! Fake assed Coogi sweater (wiff matching hat) V.I.P. wannabes!  I'm gonna show my big boys love today.  I just want yall to do me a favor (in case any of you read this silly assed site), smack the shit out of security guards and tow truck drivers who make yall look bad.  Tight polyester slacks and highwater t-shirts warrant attention and perhaps violence.  I luh my big boys.  Eff dat.  I luh yall.  I have never been carried or disrespected by any big guys.  Only these pigeon headed freaks who think just because they've graduated from Cavalier's in the 80's they ballas, knowing dayumed well they be awf da buying gators from street vendors and 3-pack socks from the swap meet.  Even though men aren't my M.O. right now, I got mad love for the big gentlemen Mwah teddy bears.  Keep yall bidness tight, eff deez 34" waist bustas!!