GRIDLOCKED   This was the morning from hell!  First, I get up a little earlier than my usual time so I could get to work early (and make my boss proud..lol) and all hell breaks loose.   I go outside to catch my bus to the Metro and there's traffic and police everywhere.  About 10 firetrucks flew by and I'm stuck on the friggin bus in traffic.  So not knowing what's going on, I begin to ask around.  The bus driver knew absolutely nothing and acted like he was doing me a favor by even looking up at me and paying attention.  Finally, we get to one of the main intersections and I see scores of people walking towards the street I'm stuck on.  I soon find out that there's a manhole cover explosion nearby, which explains the mayhem.  I then had to evacuate the bus and walk like 6 blocks..pissed.     So I get to Metro and THAT is stalled and announcements are saying that trains are delayed.  Did I turn around and go home?  NO!  I get to work and I'm walking across the courtyard and the security guard starts screaming at me, "Get across the street!!! This building is being evacuated!!"  So crazed and confused, I start looking for my team (my boss especially), didn't find them anywhere.  So I ask the security guard (scared he'll club me across the back, the way he was looking at me), and ask if the ground floor has been notified. He goes, "No, we're starting from the upper floors working our way down."  I'm like ..okay so if this some-bitch blows up, we're the last to get out?  Perfect.  Thanks Verizon!  So after I'm again shooed away by the evil security guard, I go and call my boss.  He has NO IDEA, just sitting at his desk chillin'.  So had I not been late for work, I would've been inside chillin also?  That's fucked up man!  My boss makes it out and these friggin' appointed "fire officers" (which are selected by I guess each floor) start yelling at us to go across the street.  DAMMIT JIM!!  More walking?!!!  So my boss and I decide that there's nothing better to do than burn it down..LOL  For all of you who don't know what that is...too bad.