Emotional Terrorist   That would be me.   Find my target, discover their vulnerabilities, get them to trust me, and then the attack.  They cannot leave because they're fooled by the perceptional novelties of a new relationship.  They trust themselves enough to eventually submit to me.  Their false senses of stability and longevity allow them to freefall into the emotional orpheus of  "I love her"   and after they've looked both ways, they find  "I need her"  across the way.  What do I do with such power and authority?  How will I handle the responsibility?  My track record shows that I am a careless handler and I don't tend to make smart decisions.  And soon my victims are left with nothing but hurt and frustration simply because they've lost what they've worked so hard to build and somehow I destroyed it.  Somehow I've taken a chunk out of their emotional foundation.  The sad part is I find a way to be okay while they suffer.  So in that respect, I'd say I am an emotional terrorist.  Or at least I fit the profile.     Or perhaps I too am victmized, not realizing that maybe.....I AM A LOVE JUNKY with poor judgement.  I connect when I'm comfortable and interested but my OCD's haunt me everyday.  Putting them aside, I truly care, love, give a fuck.  So much that my feelings have no merit and my time isn't valuable to me.  Put THEM first.  Make decisions for THEIR happiness and understanding.  Only to end up the scapegoat when hurt moves in.  And when I'm standing there puzzled while the FAT LADY SINGS, I'm exhausted, misunderstood, confused and just plain gotten wrong.  My reputation has been slandered and my character and self worth crushed.  The rubble that I call ME is left there for my close friends to sift through, pick-up and nurture.  And whatever I say or do in retrospect makes me appear aggressive and confrontational.  "She just wont shut up!", they say.  But no I wont.  I'll stand my ground until I have PEACE.  No support unit!  No girltalk!  No fucking hugs!  I JUST WANT PEACE.  I see it clearer now.  Maybe I'm not an emotional terrorist at all.  Maybe a protestor.  Yes!  That's what I am!