Bush No Mo'   I am pleased to report  urlLink I got my hair done!    Yay right?  Well yes and no.  I love my hair but I've got a small problem, I BE LOSING MY SHIT!  Okay first, I finally started the process on Sunday afternoon.  After surviving a "weave war" at the Korean joint in the hood, I figured out exactly what type of hair I needed.  First let me explain how the Korean weave stores of the new millennium are: OVERWHELMING!!! I have not been in a weave store since like '99 (after coming out of weave detox) so I didn't know what to expect.  I go in there and swear to beans, they had every type of hair one would imagine.  Mkay so we got human and synthetic, a plethora of textures, colors, lengths, and styles.  I couldn't believe what I was witnessing.  They actually had every type of weaving/braiding hair one could imagine.  So I go up to the counter and I had no idea what to ask for (cuz my hairdresser was M.I.A.) and the lady was a supa-bitch.  After telling her what I was getting done, she nodded her head and then pulled out this "thing", claiming it was hair.  I'm like, 'WHAT?!! This shit looks like a flea-bitten sheep's ass mkay?!  What's your beef lady?!"  Meanwhile, my mother is behind me saying "yeh baby that's it.  it's really okay." Um hello!  I'm not putting that broken down yak trimming in my skull!  No way, no how.  The ghetto weave connoisseurs were rendering advice on what I needed and the clerk was sucking her teeth and gritting on me.  EFF DAT!!  I was ready to bounce.  Fuck a weave!  Fuck a twist!  And fuck you lady!  I lost it right there at the weave store.  So frustrated, I sling my pockeybook and give my momma the signal to "LESS GO!".      So when I get home, I call my brother's baby momma cuz she had got her hair "did" last week (same style).  She told me that that in fact was the hair I needed.  Turns out, I had to swallow my pride and actually PAY for two whole bags of supa kinky yak hair.  HOW ASHAMED was I to go back in and actually stand corrected in front of the weave nazi?  Okay, long story short..after 8-9 hours, my shit was finished.  My hairdresser is like my play sister so I definitely trusted her work and $85 bux later (my personal price...dont be askin me, k?..lol),  urlLink I gots me some hayah!   I'm pretty pleased too and my honey likes it.  I don't have to worry about my shit for 4 whole months..yay!!!   Well yall know me...it aint my life if shit aint fucked up.  I got to the post office this afternoon to support my fierce  urlLink addiction and I'm standing in line.  It was windy outside so my twists were all over the place.  Once in line, I simply flicked my hair back to get it out of my face.  WHY YALL?  Why did on of the back twist fall on the floor?  I tried to tell my hairdresser not to try and twist up my kitchen, but she insisted.  So now I'm in the post office at lunchtime with a twist on the floor behind me.  So graciously, I kneel down and pick it up.  I aint even have my new shit for a week and already I'm falling apart.  OOOH so embarrassing!  But why is my braid in my pockybook?  Imma retwist it when I get a minute.  EFF DAT.  I got skillz...lol