Miss Pitiful   I'm officially a wreck!  First of all, yall know I gots wimmen prollems right?  And then my bush is wacked (lol..I'm bushwacked) right?  Okay so yesterday evening I was on my way to see my sweetie and I had to go thru HELL on the train.  Can I bitch about security?  What's wrong with them?  Why are they sooooo stupid?  Do we need any further proof that security guards suck?!!  Jesus!  So yeh, I'm at Union Station and the police coverage is awf da chain!  They're everywhere (real police) so why is there a need for security guards?  They just get in the way and fuck shit up!  That's like having lighening bugs at Mickey Mouse's Electic Parade!  Anyway, I had exactly 2 minutes to catch my commuter train over to see my sweetie and they apparently changed tracks on me.  So I ask "Otis" and he points to track number 10.  I jump on this train right before they close the doors and couldn't find a seat cuz it was standing room only.  When the ticketmaster comes to collect on my ass, he tells me I'm on the wrong train, they're heading towards Baltimore's Penn Station!  Okay, you mean to tell me I did a Lynn Swann all the way to the platform only to have "Otis" put me on the wrong train?!!  What kind of world is this??!!!  I had a right mind to go back to the station and whip Otis' fat, tight slacks wearing, two-toned lipped ass!!     So I call my "Sweet Buns" and let her what happened and where I was located and it all hit me!  My life sux!  Women, security guards, and bad hair!  It just hit me right there on the train platform and guess what?  I bust out in tears right there in front of everybody.  I was so nerve-wrecked and disoriented that all I have left to give was salty tears.  So I'm standing there with a snotty nose and the Acela train to N.Y. is coming in.  Should I just drop the phone and jump or should I continue to stand here and look pitiful?  Well call me Miss Pitiful cuz um..er..uh..I stayed on that phone listening to my sweetie try to calm me down.  Meanwhile, the Acela let folks off on the platform I was standing on and they looked at me all panicky like they had missed a news headline or something.  DAYUM!  You can't even cry in public no mo' without folks thinking the worst.