Alright...so I missed a day...what's the BIG deal?!  I spend the whole of yesterday afternoon and evening on my front porch with friends drinking Rolling Rock and telling stories. Kim, Kelly and I had caught a wonderful buzz by 5:30 when our across-the-street neighbor popped over. Dr. Tom is a professor of Psychology...so he's ALWAYS a blast. We all hung out until 9 or so, when we needed to forage for food. Well,  wouldn't you know? There was a vibe KICKIN between me and Dr. Tom! Who woulda thunk it?! He's absolutely adorable AND charming AND handsome. I never thought to look across the street. I probably have been remiss in not telling you my other adventures recently. Last week, I went to see my friend Kim in a production of THE ROCKY HORROR SHOW. She played the Usherette that gets to sing "Science Fiction Double Feature." She was incredible!! The show was a knockout! Very professional! Anyhow, during the first act, I am seated down in the third row (I went by myself) and next to me is this guy who looks like Truman Capote....hat and all!  So, after intermission, I return to my  seat, and this  total hottie has taken the seat next to me. He is talking to Truman and doesn't look like he's gonna move. We chit-chat...we make eyes...we giggle and smile. He was delightful. At the end of the show, he introduces himself as David and queries whether I might be going out after the show. I tell him I am meeting my friends in the cast. Of course, I am fresh outta business cards or any shard of anything with contact info on it...frustrating!!! His friend Marc meanders over and invites me out with them, and tells David to give me his number so I can call him and find out where they're going. David turns bright red. Marc walks away. They decide that they're NOT going out after all. So, David tells me he has to take his friends home, because he drove them. I tell him how wonderful it was meeting him. He says he'll get in touch with me thru a mutual acquaintance...I tell him that won't work because said person doesn't know my last name. I tell him I am the only Todd Stuart in the book...but he has to look it up onder S-T-U-A-R-T, or he'll never find me. I was certain I would have heard from him by now. But no. So...there you have my random ROCKY HORROR hookup. He really was an amazing guy...I was completely enraptured...which doesn't happen often.  Wish me luck!