I remember the ramp-up into the Christmas season a few years ago when I was a sophomore at Ohio State. My best friend, Michelle, and I were staying later than usual to finish up a very large and very difficult project for our course in Rhetoric (213, I believe). We both had single dorm rooms in adjacent buildings. The bustle and clamor had died down as my fellow students and friends headed home for the holidays. I distinctly remember never feeling more alone. It reminded me of the flashback sequence in Dickens' A CHRISTMAS CAROL where Ebeneezer Scrooge sees himself alone at school. I was in my room, room 226, in Park Hall typing my paper on my freakishly outdated Apple IIc. Tapping my way into mental numbness...I purged all my research and opinions on the subject of "The Rhetoric of Western Thought," all the while listening to Roger Whittaker and Dolly Parton, alternately, croon away on my favorite Time-Life Christmas Treasury CD. As far as details are concerned, that's really all I remember...the rest is vague and foggy. But the feeling is something I will never forget.  Lonely and desolate, forging ahead, immersing myself in my research, trying not to think about my family and friends already miles ahead of me, literally and figuratively. As Robert Frost said, I still had "miles to go" before I could rest. Eventually, we both finished our projects, walked across the empty campus and delivered them to our Professor's office.  The next Christmas, Michelle and I were living in an apartment off-campus. The Quarter was usually finished by December 9th or so, and I had decided to stay until later in the month, working to earn a few extra dollars. I remember not having very much money for gifts that year, so I wrote a short story and had it printed and bound nicely at Kinko's. It captured, I felt, the spirit of the season and made a very meaningful gift. It was in that time between December 9th and 24th where I again felt that difficult loneliness. I remember being amazed at the quiet, the stillness...and bewildered at the same time...that a place once so busy with students and staff could become so desolate and empty. And there I was, in the middle of it, walking High Street looking for other people. Feeling the strangest sensation, like I didn't belong. Like I was the last guest at a party I wasn't even invited to attend. In those moments, I turned to my writing. Whether an assignment or project of love, writing helped me through some dark, desolate stretches of time and mind. The story I wrote? It was titled "A Place Called Home," a simple reflection of someone lonely for family, friends and tradition during this special season. No matter what shape or form or place "home" is to you, may you find peace and love there, this, and every day...