What could Ricky Martin, Robert Downey Jr. and David Blaine possibly have in common? If you said they've all snorted cocaine with Leonardo DiCaprio, you're probably at least more than half right... But we were thinking something more along the lines of "Persistent Problems with Celebrity."   Take, for instance, Cindy Crawford. Not on our list, and rapidly being crossed off many others. Precisely our point.   Until this weekend, Cindy was Revlon's wonder woman on top of her craft: happily swinging her luxurious hair around rotating, advancing and retreating multi-colored lipsticks and moisturizing waterfalls, and -- well, now look. One pink slip sayonara later and she's a former model rapidly advancing on a certain age. I mean, it's not as if she can fall back on her acting career, now is it?     Ricky Martin has a little problem, with all of you. He gets more than "un poco" snippy with you know who, telling People magazine he "can't get hung up on people" whose sad little lives are "so empty" they feel compelled to treat the names, dates, specs, locales and props that make up the living tapestry of his sexual orientation (She Bangs!) as idle gossip. But he adds magnanimously, "you can fantasize about me however you want."   As if.   Downey obviously has a slight problem: chief among them being that someone who travels pretty closely with him has put a major snitching tail on his ass. How else to explain that the man can't so much as check himself into a hotel room without having the cops bust down the door?   Where's that dried up crusading consumer advocate when you really need him? Don't "Do Not Disturb" signs mean anything any more?   And in what we can only interpret as a public love letter symbolizing their long estrangement and "frozen" relations (with perhaps a nod to the on-screen fate his friend suffered at the hands of that maniac James Cameron in the North Atlantic) David Blaine is reaching out to Leonardo DiCaprio, aka Heavy D, the only way he knows how -- freezing himself into a six ton block of ice in Times Square for two and a half days.   If it doesn't kill him, it'd might just be the sweetest thing he's ever done.