Popstar phenomenon...it's an interesting thing. A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to witness the greatest pop sensation of the past year - NSYNC, live and sans Britney. I am here to report that the path to popstardom is strewn with halter tops, Caboodles and body glitter. Our trek to the NSYNC concert was not an easy one. No, the casual onlooker might have seen two late twentysomethings wading thru a sea of teen girly hormones, but we were on our own mission. A mission that would leave thousands listless, dreamless and heartbroken, or at least jealous for a few minutes.     I had the dubious luck of receiving a coveted backstage Meet and Greet pass for the band's 2000 No Strings Attached Tour. Yes, I have peered into the very mouth of the beast, a mouth that smells of wintergreen Altoids and bubble gum lipgloss. In case you've been living under a rock, NSA is one of this summer's hottest tickets and grossed an average of $1,000,000 per date...52 dates so far. You do the math. Anyhow, back to the backstage passes. I made the score on a Wednesday, phoned up my friend Trish and prepped her for the chaos that was to be our Friday night. We met our contact at the arena at the appointed time. There we were, corralled with 100 other fans - every single one of them 14 and smelling like the sale wagon at Bath and Body Works...I digress...    We were all shuffled into the arena, around the corner, down some dark, dank staircase into the bowels of the venue. We were held at a checkpoint for 20 minutes and then asked to proceed into the press room. This militia-concert-publicist woman gave us the rules of the game: NO SQUEALING "the guys hate the squealing," she said. DO NOT SCREAM WHEN THE GUYS ENTER THE ROOM. "This is a small room and we don't need to deafen them, now do we?" THE PEOPLE SEATED IN THE FRONT ROWS MUST NOT STAND UP, THEREBY BLOCKING THE 14 YEAR OLDS AND THEIR PARENTS IN SUBSEQUENT ROWS. "Please do not leave the area around your chair....your chairea."  Well THANK GOD the rules had been set. Otherwise, I might have been creamed to a pulp. Images to recent concert-tramplings flashed in my head...Madonna, Prince, Pearl  Jam, Urkel....the list goes on. The truth is, one false move, and I might have started a riot. One careless head toss to the doorway and the room FREAKS out. Anyway, we waited...we waited a VERY long time until our Princes of Pop arrived...without fanfare...and looking quite bleary-eyed and downright sleepy. I hoped I hadn't interrupted anything important  .  Of course, against Melinda's (Queen of NSYNC Meet-N-Greets) wishes, the screaming and squealing began...first as a rumble and then an all-out nuclear explosion. I wondered about all the fuss. I mean - sure - they were all there: Justin, Chris, Lance, Joey and JC, but they looked like, well, they looked like every other 23 year old...like Hell. Okay, not really, I just say that to tease the throng of screaming teenagers...the teenagers who DIDN'T get the chance to meet NSYNC in person.    So, FIRST of all, we're told that the guys will have their picture taken, then they will take a few questions (oooh I CAN'T wait to find out what little Miss Thang behind me has to say) and then we'll be brought up row by row to have something signed...but NO BODY PARTS! (Okay, we're safe on that one) WELL....the picture taking commences...it's like paparazzi...gum chewing, Daisy Duke-wearing, disposable camera paparazzi. Now remember...we've been told not to leave our "chairea" so I have no choice but to hold my camera up high and just click away....hoping and praying the lens captures something...ANYTHING, really. Like a periscope, my arm telescopes high above the meticulously coifed and Aquanetted...CLICK! I hope I got that one of Joey...CLICK! CLICK! I hope I just got one of Lance or JC...or who IS that, anyway? CLICK CLICK CLICK Darn! No flash! Satisfied I had taken any and all available shots, I set the camera down...just to watch the circus unfolding in front of me. There they were, the BIGGEST and BEST SELLING boyband this year! It was like having the opportunity to see Michael Jackson on the Victory Tour, or Madonna in Blonde Ambition...except that none of my peers were there...heck...they couldn't believe I was there. "What the HECK are you gonna go see NSYNC for? Huh?" The best ammo: "Well, I really like them." Enough said.  So, there it was: QUESTION AND ANSWER time! Just imagine the pearls of wisdom just WAITING, WAITING I tell you, to fall from the lips of our boyband royalty. I could barely contain myself. Well...picture the wonder and amazement when one teen girly said it was her friend's birthday (on that VERY day) and she had a birth certificate to prove it...and would NSYNC sing Happy Birthday to her? Well, Joey stepped right up and started singing. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? An hour and a half before their concert and Miss Teen Girlie-Q has our boys singing. So, the dust settles from the little birthday incident and we are treated to other morsels like, "do you have a girlfriend" or "what's your favorite color?" During this barrage of nonsensical and inane questioning, the most startling thing occurred: I got cruised by NSYNC. Well, not the whole of NSYNC, just one of them...Joey. Okay, okay.. I know people are gonna freak out. It's JUST am implication. No confirmation...YET. Anyway, there I was....sitting in the fourth row, center....right next to GIANT pole. Joey looks at me. And keeps looking at me. He's staring...at me...and he doesn't break his gaze. After 8 or 9 seconds, I couldn't take the heat anymore, so I tossed my head to the side to look at something...ANYTHING...all I got was an eyeful of pole...big beige support column. Yes, I felt like a total DORK. Ha ha ha..."just me and this here pole...ha ha...heh..." Fortunately, Trish says Joey looked away as soon as I did and he DID NOT see the pole incident. Thank GOD! But, while that conversation is happening, Joey starts his staredown again. Shameless! He didn't care WHO was looking & he knew we had busted him for staring...but NONE of it stopped him. Go figure.    When I made it through the Meet-N-Greet line, he stared at me as he squiggled his name onto my CD booklet. Without breaking his gaze, he finished and slid it over to JC. If you compare Trish's booklet and mine, there is a remarkable difference. Anyhoo...that's the "How I Got Cruised By NSYNC" story. Hope you enjoyed.