You know, I really haven't had the chance to explain how incredible it is to be "found" by an old friend. I haven't done the story justice, but I promise to give it a whirl. It's a difficult task trying to describe  urlLink Andrew ...for me, it is tough coming up with the right superlative, because in his steady, decent, honest, strong, vulnerable, playful, loving and whimsical way, Andrew gave me faith in Hetero-Mankind. Yes, he was the  first .  Here was this sweet and sexy guy willing to be in my insipid and melodramatic (albeit quite honest) one-act play, in which he was to kiss another guy... me . He wasn't the first actor I had asked to play the part. I had offered the role to five other gay men...thinking they'd  love  the opportunity to kiss one of OSU's hottest and most eligible gay bachelors...right?  Wrong . Call it internalized homophobia, or fear they might forever be typecast as gay (oh puh-leeeeze, girls!) they all said no. So, I was called on to do something I didn't want to do...put a friend in an awkward position...asking this straight guy to lay one on me. And he did. He stepped right up to the plate and did it. I don't think he even blinked when I asked. He had already managed to say yes as I was ramping up to tell him I understood how he didn't want to do...YES?!?! Did you say YES??  Andrew is one of the people in my life whom I connected with immediately. It was something unspoken, but visceral. I don't think I ever told him how much he meant to me...I don't think I had the words, even then. The play,  Winter Wheat , was a stunning triumph for the cast, they made me very proud...proud because they told a true story...and it touched the audience...complete strangers...Andrew was one of them, the bravest, perhaps. He was a role-model for me, in ways...he was willing to kiss another man on stage in front of an audience...something I wasn't sure I was ready to do. Andrew made it okay. He made me fearless. To me, he was a hero, he embodied my hope for an understanding, inclusive and loving generation, a young hetero man willing to take a chance at a time when it wasn't so cool to play gay.  I am here to tell you that Andrew did it first...before "The Object of My Affection," "In & Out," and "Will & Grace," there was Andrew...talented and lovely in all the best ways. If I have never told you before...I love you, my friend.