how to be gay,  erich (02/02/01)      do you feel lonely on friday nights? wouldn't you like to be out hanging with girls, having a good time? well, now you can. you just have to be gay. see, gay people have a talent that heterosexuals do not have: they can be best friends with any girl, because of two reasons: the girls are not interested in them, and they're not interested in girls. the choice is obvious: be gay! the girls will love it.  1. dress. you can't wear just *any* clothes. here are a few tips and tricks to be on top of style, and not the other way around. there are a few types of gay male: muscular, casual, and chic.   a) muscular: step one, you gotta work out, baby! there isn't no way, that you are going out, without some bulging biceps and fab forearms. do the gym thing, honey. bulk up, but down't look too bulky, you know what i mean? you need to have tone, as well as size. you have to draw the line somewhere, you don't want to be called on to lift something heavy, you might sweat! as for visible veins and arteries, don't have too many. you're not arnie-baby, so don't try. now. for your shirts, make sure all of them are skin tight. you can't impress without showing a little muscle now, can you? only wear short sleeve shirts, and make sure they're, abercrombie or gap, and make sure the sleeves don't cover your fabulous biceps. you want to show them, don't you honey? tank tops are also raving. go get 'em, you sexy thing!   b) casual: if you aren't slim or tall, this is your best bet. buy lots of scarves. gap sells plenty of them, so have one for every day of the month. wear earth tones, cargo pants, and outdoorsy footwear. soft fabrics are a must. suspenders are cute, if you accessorize properly. turtlenecks are always a plus. every now and then, to impress your new lady-friends, wear a beret, or if it's cold out, a russian bear-cap.   c) chic: if you want to be chic, prepare to spend a lot on clothes. you also can't be muscular or anything other than slim and lean. black polished shoes are beautiful, baby! buckles are even better. have black pants to wear everywhere, and a black leather jacket. never button it up, always wear it loosely. unless it's freezing. then bitch non-stop about how cold it is. never wear hats, unless you think it matches perfectly. every now and then, wear an all-white outfit, or something trendy. throw out all your torn-off jeans, and re-hem all your pants so there are no worn bottoms.   ready? 2. talk. enunciate. i can't say that any more clearly. you have to speak very clearly. vary yourself on how much time you spend on any one word. inflect your voice from high to low on the last word of every phrase you say. learn to speak like a woman. be delicate, but sure. you are always sure of yourself. adopt a generally higher pitch than that of your heterosexual former friends. always complain. and if you have to say the dreaded f-word and you're in a public place, dart your eyes around the room first, then gasp in a whisper. only use the f-word when you're really pissed off. but that's all the time, right?   3. conversation topics. clothes and style are an obvious one, i shouldn't even have to mention that one. never talk about the weather, unless you are complaining. gossip! talk like a woman! and only talk to women. you should already know that by now. be a feminist. be concerned about nature. just don't talk politics.   4. hair. gelled hair, if you're chic. spiky. obvious broad comb marks. black, platinum, or black. dyeing your hair any other color is dumb. keep your hair trimmed short, but manageable. if you're casual, your only basic requirements are already listed above. you don't need to read more.   extra credit: flap your arm around when you talk. you've seen gay people on tv, you know how they act. be like them. you'll pick up the rest in no time.