Fresh off the plane at Hopkins, I started composing this post, feeling horribly neglectful. But that's they way of it in Omaha. And while the offices I visited there had nifty high-speed internet, I decided not to try and post from there...not wanting the wretched boring-ness of it all to creep in to my blog. How can I describe Omaha? I haven't yet figured it out...such a strange place. I think I was the only person in the entire city wearing a tie today. This morning at the "Burger Lust" Diner, this trailer-trash woman was all sarcastic with me saying, "Niiice tie..."  Whatever. Odd folk out there. There may be only 100 Democrats in all of Nebraska, and I think I met 10 of them. Otherwise, everyone's SUPER-CONSERVATIVE. Imagine, if you will, the largest office "tower" in downtown...the "Woodmen" tower...named after this right-wing uber-Christian insurance company. Just looking at it gave me the willies.  Yechhhh!  Anyway, the downtown districts are completely void of people, activity and places to go. In short: I hated it. Now, I am not a metro-snob. I love cities. I love the country. My best friend growing up lived on a working dairy farm...I've milked cows, for chrissakes, but Omaha was the worst of both worlds. Dead downtown littered with odd gentlemen's clubs, half-rate hotels and rundown office and retail storefronts....and a business/industry area dominated by Con-Agra, Swanson's and a meat-packing plant with lines of cows headed for the slaughter. And, it was all beige and gray. The land, the buildings, the people...the whole mood. I felt that I needed to run screaming back to Cleveland. I almost put on my cross-country running spikes and set of in an eastward direction. The most excitement is east of Omaha. Know what's east of Omaha? Iowa. Woo-hoo.  Oh my god, pack-up my house and get me to Nebraska! I have seen the excitement & I must go immediately.  This is, of course, to say nothing of the business end of matters...which was very intriguing and an otherwise wonderful opportunity. Anyway, upon take-off in out twin engine jet-prop, I breathed a sigh of relief, knowing I was getting out of Omaha...even if the wings iced-over and we took a nosedive into a cornfield, I knew I wouldn't be stuck in Omaha. It was a very weird "other dimension" kind of trip...feeling like I was in an alternate reality...a really boring one. Needless to say, I am ecstatic to be home.