unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 17  March 11    Hey Todd, Maybe on your flights to and especially back from Omaha.. wouldn't  want anyone to be stuck there..but especially YOU after a very nice time on  Saturday. As far as other wishing you luck otherwise.. nah.. don't think  you need it.. your talented as it stands and personally I think they'd be  dumb not to snatch you up, but then again, I don't know how intelligent  Omahaians are (yea, I made that up.. and for their sake I hope thats not a  word they identify themselves as). Oh, and by the way.. You left me smiling too, I really enjoyed  your company. I felt very comfortable with you (if you didn't notice) and  enjoyed listening to you as much, if not more then your wonderful emails I  receive. I definitely want to continue getting to know you and spending  more time together (perhaps less Disney flicks) I actually enjoyed it and  having wanted to see it, it was special to me that you shared that with me. Congratulations on your sold out show... I think I came across a  press release about a hot man in handcuffs.. did there seem to be a large  crowd of leather and S&M types?? Actually I would even love to see it. Well, I'm sure I missed you before you left to Omaha.. so you most  likely won't get this email until you get back.. so I hope everything went  as you would want it to go, since you have no camera.. I will have to  depend on your interpretations of what the city of Omaha is like and the  people, I look forward to hearing your descriptions. Actually, I look  forward to hearing form you... I think I may just go through a 36 hour  withdrawal of getting my Todd fix. I'm really enjoying getting to know you  and where it goes. My dinner is ready, Stuffed peppers.. so I am going to send this  and eat.. I'm just thinking of what you could be doing this exact moment...  hmmm  Well, I talk to you when you get back.  xoxox Dan    At 01:42 AM 3/11/01 -0500, you wrote: Dan,  First and foremost, thanks for a really wonderful afternoon. You made me feel so at ease, so comfortable...and I had such a terrific day with you. It was so difficult to tear myself away. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. I'm having such a great time getting to know you. I love that we've had a chance to write so much, I think that's why I was so at ease immediately. At any rate, I can't express how wonderful today was for me. I really would like to spend more time with you & hope you feel the same. Tonight's performance was indeed sold-out! It was a thrill arriving at the theatre (still floating a few inched above the ground from our date) to find the box office turning people away! Nice to be in a box office hit!! The show went off without a hitch, and I managed not to mangle my knee too badly tonight. Afterwards, a small handful of us went out for a drink before heading home. I wanted to make sure to write you an email before I set off to Omaha Sunday afternoon. Please wish me luck on what will most definitely be an interesting 36 hours. I hope you have a terrific day...all I do is think of you & smile.    xoxo    Yours,  Todd    ps - you are handsome, witty and sweet...now I'm the one who is captivated...