unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 16  March 9    From: Dan  Subject: Re: squirrels   Man on Man.. my cheeks are beginning to hurt, so I must have smiled real  BIG the whole way through your email.. just reading, learning more about  you and thinking cool, very cool... point after point accumulated. Not that  I'm counting... 28 so far.. oh your favorite number.. I'm sure theirs more  to follow...  You will find Skim milk in my fridge, I'm a Coke drinker..  although haven't discarded Pepsi products - I don't drink a lot of  carbonated drinks...do you call it POP or Soda? Notice I refrain from  giving you clues in which to respond correctly. Ab Fab fan.. I'm smiling...  Your writing... I'm very impressed...Would love to read your plays, poetry  (I only have one published poem.. the only one I've written, and that was  required for a an English Class.)  Mouse pad: Corecomm, company issued.. FREE.. I think all my mouse pads have  been free. Fav Smell: The smell of autumn, home cooked food, or Taboo powder.. my  Grandma wears it.. or the two colognes I wear, Fahrenheit, or Tiffany for Men. Fav Sounds: the sounds of water crashing waves Worst feeling: broken heart First waking thought, usually: damn that alarm ruins the best dreams First waking thought lately: how many time can I really hit the snooze button Last waking thought, usually: always different Last waking thought, lately: something Dan-related...hey me too! What is important in life: family, friends, trust.. I'd have to agree 100% Fav Foods: grandmas home cooking Chocolate or Vanilla: vanilla Driving speed: moderately fast Storms: Cool, except for the surprise thunder that makes you jump I love rain...yes, I have and will run in it. - good, same.. although I  prefer to be in a bathing suit ... not a fan of wearing wet clothes. And  prefer a warm rain then cold. First car: Ford Escort - named "the Bitch" had no power steering, it was a  bitch to turn corners. Meet one person Dead or Alive: Fav Alcoholic drink: Absolut Manderin and Tonic, Stoli Vanilla and  Cranberry, Merlot, my chocolate martini's .. a favorite of many friends too Glass is half full...if it's a cocktail, half empty... anything else, half  full.. god that makes me sound Betty Ford ready.. but I know mu limit and  drink in moderation. Type: Dan Style, two hands three to four fingers... multitasking!! Under my bed: portable heater Fav number: 69 otherwise I don't think I have one Favorite color: blue.. key west water blue, cobolt  the only thing I don't care for that you did, was curry..a spice I could do  without, not a big fan of Indian. But I have a feeling a computer would  definitely match us up! And if nothing more then a friendship develops, I  will still have won the jackpot in meeting Todd Stuart. Very cool my man,  very cool.. Well, back to finish the work in front of me, have an excellent  night.. got your call btw.. thank you .. I was still at lunch with my  parents. How's 2'oclock tomorrow sound, maybe grab a bite to eat before you  have to be at the theatre? Well let me know.  Dan     At 03:42 PM 3/9/01 -0500, you wrote: Dan, Thanks for your email this morning. I have been whacked-out busy today with Disney (of course) who now would like a major press event for next Tuesday...which should be interesting with me absent on Monday. So many things to freak-out about...so little time.  As I said in my most recent phone message, let's definitely plan on doing something tomorrow afternoon. I'm not due back at the theater until 7pm...so an afternoon date would be perfect. For reference, I like skim milk.  I think I'm leaning toward being a Coke boy...but I do drink Pepsi products as well.  I agree with you about Queer As Folk, I didn't like it when it premiered, but have since come to enjoy it...especially with a big group of friends! Also, i'm a huge Ab Fab fan!  Do I write more than just to you? Well, yes. I write lots. I have written two plays (only one was actually produced), poetry, essays and lyrics. I've been working on a collaborative writing project with a friend in the UK...we've worked on that for over a year now. My interests...are YOU in that list...hmmm...have I been vague?  ROLLER COASTER: Scary and Exciting!  NOW READING: The Temple by Stephen Spender  I love Armisted Maupin!! I read all 6 Tales of the City like I was addicted! How was The Night Listener? I love David Sedaris...I handled his tour when he stopped here last year. Crazy but fun guy! He's going to come back next season.  MOST DISLIKED ACTOR: Jim Carrey (hands down) YUCK!  I can't believe you mentioned the Tow Path...it's one of my favorite places to hike and bike during the season!  Gay Life in Omaha: I guess I'll have to check it out. Do you think it'll be crankin' on Sunday night? LOL  To clarify, boxerbriefs are extremely sexy.  I go to the Franklin Y, but have recently decided to transfer downtown.  More Answers...Limited to 20:  Mouse pad: "Martini Madness" Booze, Babes and Bad Influenences Fav Smell: Pine Sol. Okay, not really. Freshly-baked anything. Fav Sounds: Rain on the roof...or crickets Worst feeling: Squirrelly (over-anxious/nervous) First waking thought, usually: morning already?? First waking thought lately: I wonder if Dan emailed me? Last waking thought, usually: did I set my alarm? Last waking thought, lately: something Dan-related What is important in life: family, friends, trust Fav Foods: Hummous, anything curry, soup Chocolate or Vanilla: vanilla Driving speed: moderately fast Storms: Cool I love rain...yes, I have and will run in it. First car: Ford Fairmount Meet one person Dead or Alive: my grandfather Fav Alcoholic drink: Shiraz, or Cab-Merlot blend Glass is half full...unless I'm near it...then for sure it needs refilling. Type: Todd-style...can't be duplicated or taught Under my bed: books, and a few stray socks maybe? Fav number: 28 Favorite color: blue  Now, I really think you should do me the courtesy of answering the same questions! If I had more time today I'd write an bunch of my own, but that will have to wait.  Calgon...take me away!  Best, Todd