my big gay life [21]   I'm revisiting my issues with the internet. If one were to take a casual survey of the various websites serving the gay community here in Cleveland, one would notice my dear, sweet ex, Dan, consistently (if not constantly) visiting these sites, checking personal ads, chatting, erecting his own personal ads, etc. Now, mind you, I do not have a lot of time during the day to do a lot of surfing. I'm able to hit Blogger a couple times, read a little and get on with my work day. He, on the other hand, has an inexhausible amout of time to spend online chatting and such. It just got me thinking that how could anyone possibly think they're going to find anything fantastic online? Not to say that there aren't examples of successful pairings, but for the most part, the internet is like a vast ocean...and people are hunting for sunken treasure. While online, it's easy to project your own desires, wants and needs onto another person, but when you meet them face-to-face, reality sets in. It's safer to manipulate your own little world online that it is to deal with real human beings in real time. I am not making any condemnations about the internet, but I do think that it has proved equally disastrous as helpful in the realm of human relations. The question begs asking: why bother meeting anyone at all if you think there's even the remote chance they're spending time surfing/cruising around the internet looking for something better...something they can't put they're finger on...but something better...something more?  It's such flawed thinking. I've seen it destroy more than one relationship, and it seems to have played a bigger role in the demise of my most recent relationship than I ever thought. What do we do? We are called to be even more vigilant and even more trusting than ever before. There are more opportunities for betrayal and dishonesty than one could imagine. However, there are infinite opportunities for trust, love and loyalty. I wish I had more faith in humankind. I wish it was all easier.  (stepping down off of soapbox)    urlLink comment