unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 13  March 8  Hey there Todd, I was busy working and realized your email had been received, and missed  the little Woohoo You Got Mail sound.. so try and imagine a pleasantly  surprised face to see Todd.. and an email created especially for me :) At  least I hope your not cranking out some copy and pasted words from god  knows where... OH yea, baby thats how like it. Um, where did that come from??? Well, I managed to read it before my friend stopped over to go to lunch,  how do these two hour lunches happen? Oh well, I work through many of them  anyway. I usually scarf down my food like I'd be a concentration camp in  fear it would be taken away and I'd go hungry before my nice shower. Ok,  perhaps not that eye opening, but I do eat fast.. We went to eat at Tick  Tock Tavern.. they have good ribs... yes, ribs.. I'm not obviously Kosher..  and not all that practicing of the Jewish faith aside from the major  Holidays. Also, had to stop downtown to pick up an extra mouse... I went up  with the window washers to see you through the window.. did you see me?.. I  might have been turning blue. but that was me... I bet you had no idea..  just looked right past.. should have been wearing my shiny shirt! Damn...  Speaking of stalking.... I DID drive by your house the other night coming  home from Scuba, just checked on my surveillance equipment. Nice houses  over there.. you live alone or have roommates? I enjoyed reading your email, getting to know about your background..sound  like decent stock too.. but may need to examine personally before I can  confirm that. I don't think I even dated anyone that knew how to give a  decent massage... my eyebrows (both) are raised! Your earning points left  and right. Maybe I'll just take you to the next Will and Grace, and of  course if your face is peering through my window longingly...teeth  chattering....blue lips... you can rest assure.. I will happily let you,  wrap a nice warm blanket, maybe my arm with a nice cup of cocoa... oh wait  lemme check if I have cocoa...will white mocha do? mmm actually a cup of  that sounds good right now. I wonder what your plans are on Sunday.. maybe  even watch Lady And The Tramp together..would that be an acceptable first  date? Maybe drinks in a bar first? I dunno.. what do you think? I know I'm  really enjoying getting to know you, emailing, and even a breif chat on the  phone.. I just get a cool vibe. it's cool and I'm smiling. So as I was looking over all your emails to me.. of which have continued  to grow .. but realize we haven't shared too many interests... so what do  you enjoy doing with your time when your not working? Do you like roller  coasters? Boating? movies? Swimming? Biking? Rollerblading? these are just  a few of mine... Tell me more, a want to know more... must I rummage  through your trash to find out more? I have a image from the movie Serial  Mom... ok - you must think I really am a stalker.. maybe of another  lifetime. I do tend to like psycho bitch movies.. Serial Mom, The Last  Seduction, Faster Pussycat Kill Kill...all of which I own. I own others..  hope I haven't thrown any red flags up for you. Well, I need to get some more work done.. so I will send this... and maybe  I'll be blessed with another correspondence from you.. hope your day has  continued to be great, glad I started it off well. Until later, ciao   Dan