unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 10  March 7    From: Dan    Subject: To Do list #429       Date: March 7, 2001 4:37:47 PM EST      To: Todd     429: Go back to #1   1: email Todd Stuart   Oh my god, you must be sitting there tapping your foot... where oh where  has the internet lost my email, actually if I could fudge the sending  time... I could have blamed it on the internet or the blahlink servers.. um  yea.. I emailed you first thing at 8:52 am.. you haven't received it  yet???? The pressure is on.. can I top my previous E's? Have I even been  trying.. actually no.. just being me. So, if this isn't good.. attribute it  to me now knowing how much I owe that bastard Uncle Sam.. you'd think he'd  at least get a decent suit! The Whole flag exploded is so 1970's wonder  woman.. and I certainly don't want to see his tits! Well I just imagine  your just smiling to see my name pop up in your In Box.. and not thinking  and cursing me out under your breath.. for my ears arn't ringing nor  burning.. actually a little cold.. so is my nose.. does that mean  anything??? Yea, it's a little cold in my dining room right now. Actually  I think I'm in better form to write you now then earlier after I did my  taxes and non stop working from email to employees on ICQ. Not to mention  the few friends that popped on and HAD to chat. Even though I was  sidetracked and skipped To Do # 1... I made sure I went back to it. Ok your last email subject was "Deer In Headlights" and right  now.. I'd run ya over for knowing you took my Sade tickets.. especially  standing next to a empty seat.. did you date a loser? Hey we all learn! And  no, I truly wouldn't run you down, that would make such a mess on my new  car. So I have been spotted before.. well thats nice to know... now that  you mention it, I vaguely may remember you at the opening of the new LGBT  Center on Detroit. Speaking of which is a much better space then what had  been housed on west 29th. Although through the many years since I was  involved with the inception of PRYSM .. it had improved. And now the gay  youth have a nice space in which to meet. It pleases me the group is still  doing well and helping youth in coming out. One thing I am very proud in  which to have been part of. Hey, one thing that most impresses me.. candid honesty.. and I  agree it is refreshing.. but also very important to me. Well, I'm sorry I  didn't call you earlier to arrange a lunch.. another time.. or a drink..  maybe something sometime this weekend when things slow down for you and you  feel more relaxed. I enjoyed the chat on the phone.. no awkward silence or  loss of what to say. Nice to communicate with someone equally as  intelligent via email or phone, I'm flattered by your compliments. Lever2000 huh.. you have that many parts? Thinking of that really  bad commercial..So your a Taurus, occasionally stubborn? actually your  communicative and mind seems to work very much like the Gemini air sign..  like that.. Give me your time of birth and place you were born... I send  you back a reading... SO.. your probably thinking... WHOA.. what next ?  Palm reading? Well the only think I can tell from that.. if it's red.. well  nevermind... actually, find astrology interesting and have many books on  it, but don't make decisions by it. Although it is occasionally fun to  guess someones sign... I'm usually 75% right.  Well you guessed where the names came from.. Are you a big Disney  fan or just know by profession?? Unfortunately they don't sing.. at least  when I'm around... who knows that they do when I'm away...but they sure do  speak.. as you heard the one is very vocal.. but both are super friendly,  many say.. they have a incredible demeanor for Siamese. Ok, it's 4:30...  and still some work I need to get back too... so I will make your day.. or  I have at least tried to make the effort to do so... as this is the most  fun thing I've done today, certainly not a chore.. or something I feel I  need to do.. but mostly WANT to do.. because I look forward to your  responses just as much if not more then you. Have a great evening... look  forward to hearing back.. sooner then my lazy ass took to respond!!  ciao, Dan    At 03:26 PM 3/6/01 -0500, you wrote:  Dan,  Pardon my delay in responding, I ended up in a 2p meeting as well.  Sorry to gush so much about your pics...but I like telling people what I think. Honesty is refreshing these days. Anyway, I'll drop it for now. :)  Yes, after seeing your pics, I seem to recall meeting you once at some LGBT Center thing. I was out on a sorta-date & didn't get to talk to you, really. And now that you mention it, I remember seeing you at Take 5...so, the shiny shirt wouldn't have been necessary...I already noticed you :)  The past 6 years in your career seem excitind and head-spinning. ^ moves...yikes! I've been lucky enough to have to move only twice since being here. My first office was in the One Playhouse Square building overlooking the parking garage and the lake (not bad!). Then, I was promoted to the Touring division, handling all the national tours, and I moved into the 8th floor of the Bulkley Bldg...nice office overlooking Euclid Ave. Then, they decided to start buying tons of buildings and we renovated the entire 2nd floor of Bulkley and moved there. Now I have a cube, no window, no door...do I hear violins?  Soap: Lever 2000 (this week) Sign: Taurus/Gemini cusp (Last day of Taurus) BDay: May 20 Pets: One dog, named Toby...stray...small (raised by a cat)  I love cats! I've never met a Siamese cat...are they like the ones in "Lady and the Tramp"? Do they sing?  Confession: I snagged your front-row Sade tix. I did have a slight advantage though, I worked in a Ticketmaster box office in college...so I had easy access...I did have an extra seat though, no one would go with me (my BF at the time lost MAJOR points...lol).  What are you doing right now? What are you thinking? I am thinking about how much fun I am having writing to you...and how I've managed to practically miss the entire ski season.  Todd