unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 9  March 6   From: Dan    Subject: Flattered       Date: March 6, 2001 1:50:06 PM EST      To: Todd     Todd, Oh Stop.. at least I think your saying I'm cute.. or you all ready  have a plot to snag my shiny blue shirt or you came across a bannana  someone left on the floor. Remind me to hide my silver when you come over  to my place. Now that you mention it, I'm refreshed by what you do and  where you work... and checking back, also see some other useful  information.. like a fax machine, work number... actually, my work  signature will accompany the end of this email too.. Do you know I used to  work over there by you for 4 years. Our office was in the Keith Building.  And I think I've seen you occasionally at the Take 5 coffee shop.. now I  know I should have worn a shiny shirt to get your attention!! All those  lunches we could have had. In December we moved our office to  Independence, and last week, moved from there to the corporate office here  in Mayfield Heights. Originally, the company named BlahBlahNet, was formed by my  brothers, and I joined in as a partner since Sep. 95 - working in a small  space, and office. Then we grew and acquired more office space, so move #2.  Sharing an office with the Marketing Director, I at the time was Account  Manager.. Then eventually became VP of Finance until we sold and another  office move.. my own :) Then when we sold the company and it became  Blah.net, I stayed on, became the GM of our Cleveland satellite office  and moved into the Biggest office. Then I worked on the transition of our  office to a sales office and was then again promoted to Integration  Specialist Manager. Then, our lease was up on the 8th floor, so Blahcomm  moved us temporarily to their office on the 18th floor, across from 104  FM., also the old office of our competitor ... sort of weird all being one  company now. Anyway that brings a total of 6 moves, whew.. going from a  small space.. to an office and now to a cube... I feel I have gone full  circle.. I'm glad my salary didn't go that way! So you probably wonder what  I do...or maybe you don't .. but I'll tell you anyway.. Basically I manage  the integrations of the companies we buy an bring them into our company  format. Cover many things from HR, seeing where people fit into the puzzle,  billing migration and consolidation, consolidating business functions,  dealing with everything to make a smooth transition of one company to  another. It's very interesting and certainly challenging at times, but I  enjoy it and I've gained a lot of experience and opportunity with sale of  our company. Okay, now that I bored you or lost you..one of the two... I'm sure  your asking where's this cool and crazy cat gone??? Well since my last  email was prolly a little much of a eye widener.. I thought I show you the  normal me too.. every thing in moderation I say. And besides...early  morning... everyone needs an eye opener.. I have a silly Zest commercial  running through my head.. is that Zest? Don't think it's Natural Spring...  hmmm what kind of soap do you use? And speaking of cat.. (I'm an Aquarius..  my mind is all over - what sign are you? When's your birthday?) you have  any pets? I have two, Siamese, both male, super friendly and named Si and  Am, however if you ever meet a couple named Dan and Mily, their names are  Kibbles and Bits.. I adopted the cats from them, but no good self  respecting gayboy could keep names like Kibbles and Bits.. come on, do you  blame me? So you know where the names came from? Ok It's 1:30ish now.. and  I'm partially ready for my meeting... may come back to this if I don't  finish... I did not drive by your house though, so I couldn't tell you even  the color, although now I can since you shared. Mines red Brick and my  walls are white, except for the muti colored panels in my dining room. I am  so jealous, I would have had front row seats too if Kaufmans ticket thingie  wasn't broken.. I waited, and ran right up as soon as they open the doors..  like a stallion at race..so frantically I drove to the nearest Ticketron or  whatever they're called, and got tickets but not as close as I would have  liked... and when I learned the first person got a front row seats, I was  one pissed boy... but the one good news that day is I actually got an extra  $20 from the ATM machine... only time in my life! Woohoo. Ok, I have 10  min. to prep for this meeting.. so I'll send this off.. I'm very much  enjoying our communique also, seems to make my day :) Thank you.   Dan    At 12:38 PM 3/6/01 -0500, you wrote:  Dan, I'm trying to find the right superlative to describe your pics. You...wow...I mean...after I peeled myself back up off of the floor...you're beautiful (trying desperately not to sound cheesy). Wow. Funny, intelligent and with looks like that...you're a triple-threat!  I was sure that 5'9" block of ice standing on the corner of Bridge and W.54th was you. I guess not...you just couldn't stick it out, could you? ;) You know, I did notice the little red LEDs on the surveillance cams...how did you manage to get all that rigged-up so quickly?? You're good...VERY good...  So, did you really manage to drive by and see my house? I live next to the big gay pumpkin house. In the morning, when the sun rises, the light reflects off of the side of that house and into my west windows, casting a sickly red-peach hue over everything and everyone. I told Buck and Mike not to do it, but there's no stopping them. After a few months, I managed to grow accustomed to it. Kelly, my friend and tenant, has to look at it through her window every morning.  Yes, I am an expert at raising a single eyebrow...you should see it sometime.  I only said dashboard because my dash is a beautiful combo of indigo and red...it's quite mesmerizing...all purple-y like that. I suppose I could have come up with a more thoughtful response, but I am kinda like a raccoon...I like shiny objects (which is why I like your shirt in that one pic).  I do think you are interesting and funny...and increasingly more attractive with each communique. (That besides being devastatingly handsome)  That Sade concert a few years back...I was in the front row center!! I hauled ass all the way back from college in Columbus to be there. One of the best live shows I have ever seen.  I have a mild interest in pop groups right now...sort of like watching a nasty car-wreck...I'm fascinated by this phenomena. Thru a contact at work, I went to both the Backstreet and NSYNC concerts...did the VIP backstage hoo-ha...it was a scream! Wrote an essay that I'm sending to Rolling Stone about the whole experience. Not my music of choice, though...I do love going to concerts.  Yes, my office is downtown, doing Marketing/PR...you remember that because the pics I sent were from my work email account. They had lots of other useful info embedded on them, too.  Good luck prepping for your 2pm meeting. I am heading off to lunch now, them back to work preparing the financial settlement for SCARLET PIMPERNEL.  Looking forward to hearing back from you!    Todd