unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 7 , March 5    From: Dan    Subject: into wax?    Date: March 5, 2001 5:02:35 PM EST     To: Todd     Todd, I have to imagine you got a laugh out of my subject line, if  not... sorry it was lost. Waxy Mess huh.. try lighting only the wick ;)  Actually I don't have candles in my glove compartment either.. and I think  I still haven't replaced the wine opener I used to have in there.. NOW  thats a Necessity!.. Never want to get caught stranded on the side the road  with a uncorked bottle of wine!... Actually they have come in handy to the  many parties I have attended with an owner without a damn corkscrew.. I  hope you own one... if you have an extra.. the glove box would be a good  place to have one, along with a tire gauge. I've also been told a  screwdriver, however I've never needed one. Let's see what else do I have  in mine.. asprin.. for the roadtrip from hell... umm a flashlight with an  extension to see a hard to reach area... let's not delve further there...  um...handy wipes, purell oooze.. supposedly cleans... just a few things  that I can recall .. how about you??? whats in your glove box? What happens  to be your favorite car part? Bridge is just about bridging Detroit Shoreway.. isn't that really  Parma? lol Well, I would prefer to say Franklin Clinton Historical  District, but it may sound a bit pretentious... so Detroit Shoreway, really  says it all, lol. So, if I were, say to be a stalker... it be safe to find  if I'm standing on West 53rd and Bridge?? hmmm will you look now and think  of me??? So, I didn't know you were the Napster Librarian... I'll have to  check out whats on your hard drive and see what there is... and of course,  looks like I'll have to show you mine ;) Although since we moved our  office, I think I'm blocked to download... so... no more taking advantage  of that sweet T3 connection. You earn points for listening to SADE, one of  my faves. I like Macy Gray too... wonder your other music tastes... I hope  none includes country though. I think you'll have to send me some of your pics, I was asked for  an adult ID Password when I went to the webpage... are they that racey? do  they involve wax? If they are, you can hold those back... since I certainly  don't have any of the like to trade back with you. But I have some more  pics, also.. clean, like me. Well, time for me to go and sit in traffic... ohhhh yea. Did I say  where I worked? I'm in Mayfield Heights, in Landerbrook... just lovely  cubes. I suppose I won't get a response until either later or tomorrow.. so  in the event I don't 'chat' with you... have a good evening and night.  Dan     At 04:09 PM 3/5/01 -0500, you wrote: Dan, Never mind me...  Napster: you can return borrowed music via me...I'll MAKE SURE it gets back safely...along with the .07 cents per play...  I live on Bridge Ave. between W. 52 and 54. Just shy of official "Ohio City" designation...I prefer to say Detroit-Shoreway...it confuses the hell outta people.  Candles in the glovebox...I think my mom told me to do that. Do I also need two pieces of flint to rub together to make fire? Somehow, I think lighting candles with the cigarette lighter would just be a waxy mess...  I am finishing sending out some press kits for the national tour of FIDDLER ON THE ROOF due here on the 20th. I am a little caffeine jittery too...listening to some borrowed Napster tracks of Sade and Macy Gray...but I am a huge dance music fan...it might push me over the jittery edge today, though.  Yes, I have more pics...you can find them at: cuteandnormal.com/todd.htm funnysweetandsexy.com/trs.jpg  just kidding...  I can send you more, if you like  xo Todd