in search of Eric...   When I was at college at The Ohio State University in the early nineties, I had the opportunity to work with the newly-formed Writing Lab, a co-venture between the English Department and the Communications Department. The premise was simple: develop a writing center where students of all abilities could develop their writing skills together, without the traditional Graduate Assitant/Teaching Assistant in the mentoring position. It became known as the Peer Writing Program, and I had the distinct honor and pleasure of helping develop this award-winning program with a handful of other students, staff and faculty. One of my favorite memories is of Eric Walborn, a PhD. He was in his late thirties and had a luminescent personality and an absolutely killer smile! He had sexy salt and pepper hair, which he coiffed with styling mud. The summer after my freshman year, we presented a paper about the Writing Lab and the Peer Writing Program at Penn State. I remember only shreds of it, but I do remember an evening walk around campus with Eric after everyone else had returned to the hotel. We walked down the well-worn pathways and empty sidewalks together...hands and arms brushing against each other ever so slightly. The air was humid, but fragrant and delicious. At one point, I sat up on a low brick wall outside one of the buildings. Eric came up to me. Slowly and gently, he began kissing me. It was one of the sweetest, most heartbreaking kisses I had ever experienced. We could never be together, and we both knew it. I think the excitement of kissing the forbidden fruit (so to speak): professor and student...even though I was not in any of his classes...he still was a faculty advisor with the Writing Lab. When I returned home for the summer, we chatted on the telephone once or twice. Our sweet moment was over...and all we could do was remember. We saw each other occasionally on campus over the next year or so, but eventually, our paths ceased crossing at all.  Flash forward eight years.   I decided to try to look him up. He was no longer listed in the faculty directory at OSU. I searched until I found an obscure reference to a handful of people who had received awards named in his honor. I searched a little further..only to find that Eric died in 1993, a few months after our paths stopped crossing. I'm not sure what the cause of death was, but I suspect I know. I was deeply saddened by the thought that I was on campus for two years more without knowing he had passed. But, I will always remember the writing and I will always remember his kiss...warm and sweet on my lips. He kissed me as he was living, not dying. He kissed  me.  There is no greater gift.  There is no greater gift.  To Eric, my dear, sweet friend... thank you.  I love you. Godspeed...