Missed the Train    	Maybe it's just a myth, or a made-up bit of magic to quiet an anxious child. No matter...I believed it. Mama always said that if you drive over or under a bridge while a train was passing, you could make a wish. I thought of this as I was barreling down the Shoreway one evening last week. I just needed to get out, drive around and give myself the chance to think. Sometimes it feels like there are just too many pieces of information clattering around up there. I get all confused about what to do and what to think, I just need to drive...fast.   	I left my house on Clinton and drove west to 49th. I looped around until I saw the city spin by and butterflies fluttered in my stomach. Why was I so nervous...so anxious? I hadn't smoked a cigarette in weeks but I felt the same tar-laden anxiety as if I had just taken a long drag. I sped onto the Shoreway, the hum of the motor vibrated through my car, rattling the flimsy shell of aluminum, plastic and glass - and my nerves. 	I straightened the car out on the long clean line of road ahead of me. I accelerated swiftly, passing the rambling old laundry truck to my left. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the old man in the truck's cab shake his long, bony finger at me as if to say " crazy kid !" As I cleared ahead of the other drivers I relaxed for the first time in hours, it seemed. My fingers uncoiled from their relentless grip on the steering wheel. I relaxed at high speeds. Never look back. Pick a direction and...zoom...get there!     	Rising above the thick black asphalt was an ancient train trestle built of solid mortar and stone cut out of the nearby hillside. The 9:13 was passing over on its way to Ft. Wayne and then Chicago. I remembered what Mom said about trains and wishes and good luck. I stepped on the accelerator and the trestle became larger as I approached it.  	The boxcars were rusty reds and browns, clickety-clacking as they sped across the track right to left. There must have been a hundred cars, an ugly brown blur, metallic and quick.   	"You'll have some of that good luck if you make a wish when a train's passin' by," she said.   	"How's a train get you good luck, Mama?" I asked.   	"Why so many questions? It just does. Train's goin' somewhere you ain't never been. Maybe you'll be lucky enough to see those places if you wish on it."  	"I guess so, Mama."  	She said, "Ain't no guessin' about it!" smiled and tousled my hair.   	 From that day on,  I never forgot to make wishes on passing trains. Maybe it did help me. I went to college, got my degree and have a career. Maybe all those wishes got me my car, my house and my swanky friends. But it never found me happiness. No... that  had eluded me time and again. I was always chasing after it, keeping ahead of my own dissatisfaction.   	I shook the whole scenario from my head has I approached the trestle, now looming close before me. Maybe this would be my lucky train. Maybe this wish would change my life forever. Maybe, just maybe, there was something new on the other side of the tracks. My heart raced as I felt the rumble of the boxcars on the track. I could hear the metallic thunder race above me. And, as I passed under the trestle it was shockingly quiet. I had missed the train. My car shot like a bullet from under the bridge. In my rear-view mirror I could see the last car slip out of sight, red warning light blinking, taunting me. And as I watched the train speed on, I wondered where I was going. Maybe I did miss the train. Maybe I was headed in the wrong direction. I could hear Mama's voice in my head, "You can't just stand there waitin' on another train, there'll be one tomorrow, boy. You'll catch it. One day you'll catch that train. Of that I am certain!"   	The road beneath the car felt solid and I was hungry for it. I accelerated toward the interstate west where the gentle, rolling hills gave way to the flat of the Northwest Ohio farmland. I sped on the turnpike toward the Indiana border, and I knew by early morning I would find the 9:13...and make another wish.