unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 28  March 15  hey Todd, Funny to see our names on the same email, as you were just asking  me about Dan Kxxxxxx - we get an email from him ... Are you thinking about  going to the party for Paul after your show? Sounds like a plan after the  movie Saturday night. I wonder if I had not said hello ? Think we might  have met at this party coming up Saturday night??? So you liked the  allusion.. I guess I had the movie YOU GOT MAIL in my head... but it's so  prevalent in so many movies. Some of the movies I am going to see that I can remember off the  top of my head are Big Eden, Nico and Dani, River On Your Right, With a  Friend Like Harry, and Wet Hot American Summer, Oooh, I named them all. Busy day here, although your email did make me smile, and happy  I'll see you later.. I took a mini break and am now burning the ATC CD. I  looked to see if I had the Sade Remixes on my computer.. but looks like I  removed them.. I was going to burn you a copy since Sue's computer where  the CD burner resides, is finally working right now. SO I have the Duncan  Sheik to burn along with Nelly Furtado. If you'd like a copy let me know..  I'll bring in my Sade Remixed Cd to make a copy for you also. I even had a mini lunch today, made a Turkey Sandwich and bought  some new Kosher Dill Potato Chips... like Salt and Vinegar with dill  added.. salty, but yummy. Do you like Salt and Vinegar Chips? What are you  favorite? How about your favorite movie candy? Do you buy it at the theatre  or the nearest CVS ? Do you even eat during a movie? So whats up Friday night? I would love to see you and I don't have  any plans.. I know your working, however would love to see you in action,  plus the play sounds like something I'd enjoy.. is it sold out? Do they  take AAA discounts? uh oh.. nevermind, I lent my card to my friend Dan as  he drove to Atlanta, just in case he got a flat or something.. it's good to  have, especially on a long trip. However, if it's possible.. we could grab  something to eat before and perhaps something after if your not too  exhausted. Just an idea.. Well, I hope your day is going great.. mines moving right along..  great.. just got the Muppet song in my head.. I think the very song I sang  in a high school play I was in.. I was Gonzo.. thats as far as my  theatrical bio will show... Speaking of the Muppets.. I was bored one day  and took many of our company employees pictures from our company employee  intranet page and matched them up with their Celebrity Counterparts.. quite  funny actually.. some matched up too well, like a Miss Piggy and Animal.  Tom, who you will meet as we pick up, has reminded both me and Dano of  Ralph the Dog, as he bobs his head up and down, especially when he laughs..  keep an eye out ;) p.s. he knows this.. He said I'd be the Sam the Eagle..  not sure if I see that.. don't really know who'd my cartoon celebrity  counterpart would be. So look around you.. do you see any people that could  have a cartoon counterpart? Well, I better get some work done.. I should be home by 6pm.. so  come over anytime after that.. would like to leave my place at 7pm though.  Food is being provided, however if you want beer - we'll need to pick some  up.. have a good rest of the day.. drop me a line if you get a chance..  otherwise I will see you later :)  yours, Dan