unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 27  March 15    WOW Todd, Your email just knocked me over - your thoughts came out so eloquently that it became such a lovely poem.. and by it, I'm touched - as it brings such a warm feeling and a smile that just show's I've been WOWd ! (and if it wasn't meant to be a poem - I almost feel unworthy) I don't think I could even attempt to reply so well to give you the same feeling that just came over me... Your emails are such a wonderful thing that I've so much enjoyed each day, and have just as much wanted to talk to you, because I enjoy hearing from you just as well. I smile, that tomorrow.. which may be today when you read this and in actuality - it will be tomorrow in 8 minutes. Confused? I think I did myself! LOL.. ok point ... I get to see you and I really enjoy your company as much as everything else. I like growing and getting to know you in the way we are. I ran into Dan Kxxxxxx today, bought my tickets for the film festival, and he's working there. And I mentioned you, as you've been on my mind.. Thinking and also sharing how funny that we've seen each other, and know so many of the same people - yet never "saw" the something very cool in each other.. I'm glad we finally have..sort of the image of like in so many movies.. two people cross paths everyday, the viewer is like God, and of course knows the fate of these two people.. and finally they bump just right. This bump brings a wonderful smile and with every communique my heart warms more in getting to know you. So, to answer perhaps the thoughts that became such a beautiful poem, and I'd love to read more.. as you continue to impress me, So I am awake.. and smiling and responding at this late hour when the sandman is taunting me to bed.. however.. just that compelled feeling that makes me really want to write you and give you that first early morning smile, because as much as I enjoy reading whatever you have to say even if it is "highly NOT entertaining...just dull and informative" [email] ... I want to bring you the same smile and happy feeling so I can get more (does that sound selfish?).. guess you intrigue me. I guess the whole point of what I'm trying to say? My thoughts are of you too. I hope you have had sweet dreams.. I know you will be on my mind as I fade into deep sleep.. and when I get to work.. maybe an email will pop up just waiting for me. Have yourself a wonderful day.. I know I'm looking forward to it, as I know I will see you :)  XOXOXOXOXO  Dan       At 11:39 PM 3/14/01 -0500, you wrote: Dan,  Always when I sit here thinking of what to say, I think of you and wonder where you are. I wonder if you're in that place between dreams and unconsciousness, or if you're staring, wide awake, thinking. When I write, there's always the thought of someone or something, rounding out my sentences...tonight, that's you. I hate when I don't have enough time to say whatever I want, to revel in the luxury of thoughfulness, turning ideas and questions around in my head...somehow smoothing them before they come tumbling out as words. I wonder. I wonder, my friend, about your day, things that happened, or didn't, things that struck you as funny or poignant. I wonder what you think and what you feel about...anything...just because I like learning about you. For me, night is contemplative. Its when I ponder and ruminate and process. But, mostly, I smile, looking back at the day, thankful for the events and the people that make up its contents. This is just to let you know you were thought of today, nothing more and nothing less. Sweet, sweet dreams...    yours,  Todd