unravel in 58    chronicles of a heart undone    email 20  March 13   Hi Todd, To my complete surprise, I come home from a long workout and a  busy day from work.. to get a message from you from Omaha and Minneapolis,  plus and email before you got home... You definitely made my night, and  brought a huge smile. Actually I'm really glad you called from Minneapolis,  because after your first message from Omaha .. you put the horrible image  of iced prop planes going down in some cornfield in Omaha.. without a damn  candle in the glovebox! Should you survive but end up dying of frost bite.  After your first message it was all ready in my mind to have you call me  once you got home - no matter what time you strolled in. But fears were  calmed with message number two.. although I was hoping from a call from Ed  McMahon calling to tell me he missed me to give me my big check. So Omaha is a real place?? It's not like a world from the "Truman  Show"? Your description sort of sounds like it or a science project of  some sort, or an Alien Colonization... come on 100 democrats!!! YIKES!. You didn't respond about Thursday? Would you like to join me to  Will and Grace night? If you feel uncomfortable, thats cool, I understand.  However, it's a good group of friends and I think you will like them too. Well, drop me a line if you get a chance.. I'm in the office  today.. not sure if I'm working at home this week yet. sort of play that by  ear. Going to Lunch with my friend Brian since my parents are too busy  today to take me to lunch, hehe... Hope your having an happy day back in  Cleveland, I'm glad your back and that you weren't held captive by those  Omahaians.. I would have hated to have to experience Omaha in effort to  bring you back home.  ((HUGS)) Dan    At 11:35 PM 3/12/01 -0500, you wrote: Dear Dan,  Fresh off the plane at Hopkins, I started composing this email, feeling horribly neglectful - that I could leave this city and not be in email contact with you. But that's they way of it in Omaha. And while the offices I visited there had nifty high-speed internet, I decided not to try and email from there...not wanting the wretched boring-ness of it all to creep in to my email to you. How can I describe Omaha? I haven't yet figured it out...such a strange place. I think I was the only person in the entire city wearing a tie today. This morning at the "Burger Lust" Diner, this trailer-trash woman was all sarcastic with me saying, "Niiice tie..." Whatever. Odd folk out there. There may be only 100 Democrats in all of Nebraska, and I think I met 10 of them. Otherwise, everyone's SUPER-CONSERVATIVE. Imagine, if you will, the largest office "tower" in downtown...the "Woodmen" tower...named after this right-wing uber-Christian insurance company. Just looking at it gave me the willies. Yechhhh! Anyway, the downtown districts are completely void of people, activity and places to go. In short: I hated it. Now, I am not a metro-snob. I love cities. I love the country. My best friend growing up lived on a working dairy farm...I've milked cows, for chrissakes, but Omaha was the worst of both worlds. Dead downtown littered with odd gentlemen's clubs, half-rate hotels and rundown office and retail storefronts....and a business/industry area dominated by Con-Agra, Swanson's and a meat-packing plant with lines of cows headed for the slaughter. And, it was all beige and gray. The land, the buildings, the people...the whole mood. I felt (by 9 am today) that I needed to run screaming back to Cleveland. I almost put on my cross-country running spikes and set of in an Eastward direction. The most excitement is east of Omaha. Know what's east of Omaha? Iowa. Woo-hoo. Oh my god, pack-up my house and get me to Nebraska! I have seen the excitement & I must go immediately. This is, of course, to say nothing of the business end of matters...which was very intriguing and an otherwise wonderful opportunity. But, in the end, I don't think he was really prepared to hire me under my conditions, so he lost. Anyway, upon take-off in out twin engine jet-prop, I breathed a sigh of relief, knowing I was getting out of Omaha...even if the wings iced-over and we took a nosedive into a cornfield, I knew I wouldn't be stuck in Omaha. It was a very weird "other dimension" kind of trip...feeling like I was in an alternate reality...a really boring one. Needless to say, I am ecstatic to be home. THank you again for your kind emails, they definitely made my day! I haven't stopped thinking about Saturday & smiling. I look forward to reading you, seeing you and speaking to you in short order. I'm going to bed now, exhausted, to dream of lighter things...here's wishing you a wonderful day.    yours,  Todd  xoxo