my big gay life (47)       the big gay draught...      The last time temperatures reached the upper nineties and Ohio suffered a horrible draught was in the summer of 1991. Not to say some summers weren't almost as bad, but 1991 was unrelenting and unforgiving. I remember it clearly because I worked outdoors then. I was a narrator in the Education Department at Sea World of Ohio. Our staff of 20 or so high school and college kids worked all season long at the various animal exhibits, giving talks, answering questions and maintaining the safety of the animals and guests. In a major theme park where 90% of the total surface area is blacktop over asphalt, the temperatures rose quickly to uncomfortable levels...and stayed there well into the night and early morning. I can remember standing at the Back Holding Pool at Shamu Stadium at 12:30 AM and feeling the heat pour off of the pavement. The dolphins, whales and sea lions were the lucky ones...nicely chilled saltwater kept at a cozy 58 degrees year round. It always struck me as ironic that I was living through a major draught that summer, exposed to the harsh sun and heat, yet surrounded by MILLIONS of gallons of chilled saltwater... so close, and yet so far... .  My six summers at Sea World were comparable to summer camp. The kids who worked there were all pretty tightly-knit. We worked hellacious hours together, we partied together, and some of us even slept together. Day in and day out, 16 hour day after 16 hour day...we'd wake, jump into our uniforms and report to work...for weeks on end with maybe one or two days off in a month's time. Somehow, it didn't matter much. Going to work was also the center of our social universe...so the lines between work and play became very blurry. Add into it that the guests we served were vacationers...and the whole atmosphere began to feel a little like Margaritaville. Someday, I will write the book I've been threatening to write ever since I left Sea World. I've got enough stuff to guarantee myself a nice lawsuit. Someone remind me to do that someday, okay? Anyway, the temperatures here in Ohio are back to that stifling upper end of the thermometer. There is no water, there is no breeze...and there are no boys. I call  draught!