my big gay life (39)    on Ryan Lyden...and being my best friend...   Sometimes I feel like nostalgia hits me like a brick wall. I can be anywhere at all, and something will trigger a flood of memories, feelings and pictures in my mind. My best friend growing up was this cat named Ryan Lyden. He was the coolest mutha-effah in the whole of Kenston's kindergarten class. I've never seen anyone bewitch a classroom full of 5 year-olds like he could. My mom taught at my elementary school...First Grade. As per District regulations, I was not allowed to be in her class, but you can bet she had something to do with having me placed in the classroom right across the hall from hers. Mrs. Larkins (rm 14) was my teacher...and one of my mother's best friends and cronies (ha ha...just kidding Mom!). Our class and my mom's (Rm. 15) often did things together, so I was often supervised and/or within eyesight and earshot of my mother...more than the District would probably like to know. But what golden days those were! There was nothing better than having my mommy down the hall, across the hall or around the corner for my K-2 years at Gardiner Elementary. The one, and only, downside to all of this is: she knew about everything I did, said and of course...all of my test scores (point of note: this didn't change all the way thru high school graduation). She often knew my grades and scores well in advance of me. This is  not a bonus  in most cases. Anyhow, Mom had Ryan Lyden assigned to her classroom...so I got to know him quite well, and by 2nd Grade, we were inseparable. I spent hours with him every single day...balancing carefully my time with my other close childhood friends, Adam buxton and Rick Doxey. Remind me to tell you about my across-the-street best friend Libby Baker sometime. Ryan and I would spend after school hours together, do sleep-overs on the weekends, Cub Scouts...you name it. We had a whole posse by the time we reached Auburn School and the grown-upness of 3rd Grade. Let's see, we had Paul, Doug, Chad, Stephanie, Carrie, Ryan, me, Brett and Robbie. I'm sure there were other hangers-on, but I don't remember them. We carried-on like best friends and brothers until his family relocated during our 6th Grade year. I remember that he moved on December 10...to Kansas City, Mo. Shortly thereafter, they moved to Farmington Hills, Mi., and then finally to somewhere in New Jersey. He visited me once in 7th Grade. I have never seen him since.  I haven't seen him since 1985 , and yet I still call him my best friend. I think about him a lot and have tried to find him to no avail. Anyway, all this flooded back a few days ago when I heard that cheesy 1980 song "Steal Away." All I could do was think of Ryan, and of growing up happy, with a best friend. I guess my abundance started early.