from Keith...(via Rachel)   Hello dearest readers,      I have discovered that there are simple principles one must follow from time to time during ones career.  The following is a compendium of rules that I have experienced in my early career within the non-profit sector.  These principles are interchangeable with careers in the for-profit sector.  It is my hope that you can concur and shake your head vigorously from a north to south direction at all of them.  Some of these principles, I may practice from time-to-time, as may you.      I fully understand that most of you enjoy my short anecdotes that I write from time to time; however, once in a while it is far more interesting to be cynical and crass.  Any feedback is welcome, and opinions will surely be ignored.  (I was kidding on the last part of that sentence.) I hope you enjoy these principles, I created this list for each and every one of you.  I hope you find it humorous.    Keith.    Principles for Office Ease   1.   Never easily answer a question.  No matter how simple it is. Reason:  If someone asks you if you have completed a project, do not answer quickly 'yes' or 'no'.  Be sure to drag out answer using terms they dont understand or just look them in the eye perplexed as deer in the headlights.  If the question is simple, such as Are you wearing pants today? the same principles apply.  2.   Never openly volunteer for a project. Reason:  This will cause you more work than you ever envisioned.  It may involve several meetings (to be avoided at all costs) and due to the inability of being able to crawl into the assignees head, you will incorrectly interpret the project.  Failure is inevitable.  3.   Use the Freedom speech from Braveheart daily while standing on your desk.  Use voice mail if necessary, and applying blue face paint to one side of your face is an added bonus.   Reason:  It is a better speech than using the line of dialogue from The Patriot where Mel Gibson peers into the eyes of Col. Tannington and says, Before this war is over, Im going to kill you.  Albeit, you could substitute the word project for war, there are the possibilities of threats being interpreted with that movie quote.  Better off to use Braveheart.  4.   You must have a meeting for a meeting- it is a law. Reason:  To cause your sanity to falter and cause disruptions in your day.  It also makes you co-dependent on your Microsoft Office Calendar, because if it isnt there, then it doesnt exist.  This principle derived from the Central Intelligence Agency.    5.   Making travel arrangements for ones boss is strictly the wrath of God. Reason:  I once called the airlines six times in one day because my superior changed their mind that many times.  I felt that adding the airlines phone number to my phones speed dial would cause me to lose my edge.    6.   Charts are an excellent idea; they make it look like youre working. Reason:  Make the largest chart you can on an 11x17 sheet of paper in the landscape direction.  Be sure to hang this in your cubicle, and when you dont want to work on some mundane project, stare at the chart.  When asked, tell your co-workers youre concentrating on the strategic plan of the organization and the ramifications of implementing it into your department.  Those exact words are excellent bullshit, I might add.  7.   A piece of paper in your hand at all times is a good idea. Reason:  If you have a piece of paper in your hands while roaming the cubicle isles, it makes it appear as though you are working.  Of course, you very well could be.  Be sure that the piece of paper is an office document and not some medieval stick figure drawing that a trained chimpanzee could draw better.  8.   Walk quickly. Reason:  When roaming the cubicle isles it is also important to walk quickly.  This means that you are in a hurry, so annoying people in other departments would be unwise to slow you down or at all costs, stop you.   9.   Perceive to be irate at all times when utilizing principle #8. Reason:  People will not stop you from where you are headed -(if you are headed anywhere other than for a second cup of coffee or the restroom.)  10.   The copier loathes you. Reason:  No matter how sweetly you speak to it, the copier is your nemesis in the office.  It is out to destroy you and all your fellow feeble co-workers; however, it must need paper and toner to survive, so it does have weaknesses.  Utilize those.   11.   There are at least five people in your office at all times who are likely to come into work heavily armed with weapons.  Reason:  Do not make small talk with these people.  It is a better idea to simply pretend that you are listening to them.  Give them a time limit in your head.  When the limit is up, finish your departure with a thanks again or talk to you later.  12.   Keep a three-month calendar on your wall; write things on it that attribute to your department even though you have no intentions of reading it. Reason:  This makes it appear that you do care about what you have to do next week.  You dont, but appearances are everything.  Important note:  When asked what you have next week to do, do not reply, I really dont give a flyin fig what I have to do!    13.   The people in computer support will give you a bogus answer to any problem. Reason: They are probably smarter than you.  I am sorry to be the one to tell you.  Although, if they mention the words flux capacitor, youve got them, Ace.  14.   If the company fails, you fail.   Flip side to this statement: If you fail, the company reassigns you the same project and some extra work, just in case.  No further explanation is necessary.  15.   When bored during a company meeting, imagine members of your staff fighting as gladiators in the Coliseum until one is dead. Reason:  Not only will this pass the time, no one gets hurt.  The Romans had the right idea.  If you dont believe me, then youve never seen Gladiator.  16.   Part-time employees always feel that their project is equal to that of mapping the human genome.   Sometimes, an alignment by a full time staff member is necessary. Reason:  When part-staff members feel that their project deserves all prestige over  full-time staff projects, a full time staff member must inform them of the err of their ways.  Brute force and blunt objects are not necessary; however, may be required in some distinct cases, speaking from experience.  17.   Pretend that your cubicle has a door with a screech or squeak.   Reason:  Creativity to the highest degree is always needed.  Why just pretend you have a door?  How about doorbell?  Or a pretend dog that has their own swinging- door within the door?    18.   Wear headphones while you do your work.  Reenact scenes from Star Wars- such as the final Death Star battle.  Scream loudly when you going to crash.  Reason: Not only is this hilarious, but others in cubicleville can join in.  Isnt that why speakerphones were created?  19.   Start the day by addressing your computer as HAL from 2001: A Space Odyssey.  If you can find the WAV of him addressing Dave, use it as your start-up sound.  Reason: You will determine which poor souls in your office have never experienced those fine movies- never speak to those people again. Ever.   20.   When someone asks you if you have a particular project done yet, say almost.  Then wait two hours, go to them, and ask what they want for that project.  Reason:  They will forget that they asked you two hours earlier, whereas you will probably get an extension on the project time-line.   21.   When someone sneezes, just dont bellow over your cubicle wall with the words Bless you, call them up and tell them.   Reason:  Bellowing over the cubicle wall is impolite.  The office isnt a farm. Sending an email is also appropriate and considerate.  22.	To avoid all face-to-face contact with your direct supervisor, email them at 4:59PM the outcomes of all the activities during the day they assigned you, quickly shut off the computer, and then walk to their office to tell them goodbye.  Chances are, they will be too inundated with reading that email, that they will mutter a goodbye.  Now get the hell out of there.  23.   Run the Matrix screen saver over your lunch hour. Reason: It will make co-workers walk past your cube and question where in the hell theyve seen scrolling lines of encoded text before, and will cause them to wonder about you.  A beautiful thing indeed, now you have the upper hand!  Mysteriousness is an adjective you should strive for yourself.     Thank you for reading.