Don't read this post (I'm so not kidding...it's long and punishing)    If I could manage a string of thoughts, I'd put them together and write them down here. I feel so distracted and non-committal about everything right now. And yes, I've been thru these phases before and I'll be out of it in a day or two...I just hate being in it, y'know? Being out in the country compounds it all, too. I have way too much time to myself, way too much time to think, ponder, consider and ruminate. In the end, I'm probably thinking  too  much.   One of my grandmothers said that we spend too much time in our heads, and what really counts in this life are our relationships with others...and those relationships are dictated by the heart, not by the brain. Don't you find yourself walled-up in your head sometimes? Likewise, how often have you been completely ruled by your heart? Me...more times than I care to admit. So, is it possible to strike a balance? My grandmother would say no. She would say that the heart must rule all in the realm of human relationships.   Maybe we're just scared. Maybe we're too scared too much of the time to really give ourselves the opportunity to be truly happy. I wonder if I fell in love with someone somewhere else, would I go to him? Would my head get in the way and stop me? What purpose is logic in the realm of love? Does it have a place? I would wish that I could abandon everything and go to him...leaving my doubts and fears behind. I realize that I am not strong enough to overcome my own self...and isn't that stupid?   If you could be ruled by love, would you?   That's why I like that line  "I'm holding my heart out, but clutching it, too..."  In the end, is it better to just say what you feel at all times, no matter what cost in potential discomfort, embarrassment or whatever fear to which you've become enslaved? Sometimes I think this is the way. Say what you feel, at all times and at all costs...speak your truth, speak your heart. No matter what the outcome, you will always gain. And, even though I understand that, and even though it makes complete sense to me, I'm still afraid, I'm still quiet. I'm still fucking silent.    I told you not to read this post...   sucker...