So many hopes and dreams are pinned on love. We seem to evaluate our personal success by way of relationships, significant others and sexual prowess. There is so much pressure on people in our culture to couple. The theorem that love = happiness seems true, but is it, really? We all seem to ready to accept that completely. Does love equal happiness? Must we have a significant other in order to reach penultimate happiness? Our culture seems to indicate " yes ." From our earliest moments, we are bombarded with images of coupling and/or marriage. Women in our society are in a social pressure-cooker where they are repeatedly told to look forward to the most important day of their lives. Is it any wonder why single women over 30, in particular, seem obsessed, no...crazed about finding their life-partner? Of course they're crazed about it...they've been conditioned since birth. This is not to say that men don't feel the pressure, too, but how often do you hear a father tell his son, "Your wedding day will be the most important day of your life...it'll be so exciting going to the tux shop to pick out cummerbunds together." I'll answer that: like,   never  ! So, with all that pressure, no wonder people make snap decisions and bad coupling occurs. Fear that one will never reach penultimate happiness grows until freakazoid stalker at the gym suddenly looks like Mr. Right. Don't fall for it, ladies...it's called Marriage Mirage...all those good qualities you thought you saw evaporate when you wake up from your chiffon and lace-induced fantasy. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm all for monogamy, long-term relationships and even marriage. I'm just not for obsessive-compulsive marriage behavior. Look, I'll cut you some slack because I'm sure no one ever told you this, but,  you can actually be happy without a diamond ring . You are actually worth a whole helluva lot on your own. You are a worthy person without that compromise you call "fiancee." Do me a favor...make sure you really are self-actualized and happy before you invite me to sidle-up to the stringbeans and mashed potatoes at your reception.