So, I was all like  whatever  when I ran into my ex a few weeks ago. I know, I know...you're asking yourself, "Todd, just which ex are we talking about here?" However, what was unbeknownst to me was that he was a psycho-stalker who would stop at nothing to get in touch with me. Well, okay, maybe not that bad...but he started calling me everywhere I have a phone. At home. At work. On the cell. It was relentless. He'd do a phone carousel....call my house, my office and my cell phone within a 2 minute period, leaving messages at each location.  Freak .  So, I decided to ignore it for awhile, thinking he'd let up.  Nope.  So, in my best passive-aggressive behavior, I sent him an email stating that I'd been staying at my boyfriend's house since I got back from Philly. Well...that was the trick! Just as I had suspected, he emailed that he guess he had "more than just a clinical interest" in me. He wished me and my boyfriend luck, hoping my boyfriend wouldn't "fuck-up" like he did. Well, me too. I hope he doesn't fuck-up like you, too. But then I remembered that I don't actually have a boyfriend.  Damn .  Well, when I meet him, I'll have to thank him for his gracious hospitality this past week.    Speaking of ex's, I got a brief glimpse of another one this morning while I was at the market buying groceries. We don't speak anymore because in the fragile transition phase from boyfriends to friends who are boys, he seemed to displays lots of ridiculous pathological lying skills. It was never about anything important. It never even stood to gain him anything. And, as I always say, only employ deceit and trickery if it will result in free goods and services. Anyhow, I guess he's happily married to some guy named Michael. According to unnamed sources (Steve), he and Michael are still going strong and sharing a "faaaaaaabbbbbulous" loft apartment on Lorain Avenue. HA! Impossible! Lorain Avenue+fabulous is utterly inconceivable. Anyhow, I was busy grocery shopping....reprovisioning the house for Autumn (I only get groceries, like, once every 3 months) and wondering why I keep dating people who live in my neighborhood.  Note to self: quit that.