my beautiful respite    My lil vay-cay to Philly and the greater eastern seaboard was everything I needed it to be: relaxing, fun and slow! Things started off a bit dubiously... urlLink Continental Airlines  posted a delay in my outbound flight last Thursday. When I arrived at the airport that afternoon, we were treated to a nice little delay before the jet even managed to land. Then, we were herded onto the plane...a sold-out MD-80. All 141 of us taxied down to the end of the runway when we were told by the tower we needed to wait another 40 minutes.  Great . After about a 20 minute wait, we took-off and were hurtling toward Baltimore. Why Baltimore, you ask? Because, the round-trip fare to Philadelphia (my final destination) was a hefty $1,100!! YAH! So, I booked the much cheaper $104 ticket into BWI...planning to catch Amtrak up to Philly. Well...about 40 miles out of BWI, we're notified that there's some "weather in Baltimore and that we're 15th in line to land...and, oh yeah, we're running out of fuel.  Homo say what?  Yes, we are being diverted because we ain't go no gas to keep the big silver bird in the sky. Minutes go by. We're told we're diverting to Philly. Ha! Cruel gods! So, an hour later (guess we weren't THAT outta fuel) we land at PHL. The good Capitan tells us we can get off the plane, but if we have checked any bags...we're responsible to get them from BWI. Being the fabulously smart traveler that I am, I only have one teeny-tiny carry-on for the trip (Speedos don't take up much space, after all). I deplane at PHL...no Amtrak...no $1,100 fare. Ha! The airline screwed  themselves  outta my $1,000 clams extra just to land at PHL! My kinda good luck should be illegal! So, Trish and I commenced our weekend of relaxation and fun immediately at 7:30 EDT on Thursday night. Friday, I went to meet Trish at the office, after being served lunch by someone who could pass as Hottie Jon's little brother. Anyway, I go to  urlLink Trish's office  and say hello to my friends there. We take off from there and drive down the shore to Ocean City, New Jersey...where her sister and brother-in-law live. We have a boisterous and rousing round of miniature golf (I placed 2nd behind Trish's mom). Trish came in last...because she's a South Philly trash-tawking mini-golf whore. There, I said it. Saturday, Sunday and Monday were spent doing a whole hellava lot of nothing...which was wonderful! I did a ton of cooking with Trish and Marttie and learned lots of new recipes. I made some kick-ass southern pan-fried chicken, and Trish and I learned/mastered Marttie's secret spaghetti sauce. We did go see The Deep End...a total piece of crap movie. Plot holes the size of the LaBrea Tarpits. That hot Goran Visjnic guy from E.R. was in it though...Today, Trish and Marttie were headed on their way to Williamsburg, Virginia. They dropped me off at BWI at 9:30 this morning. I caught my flight right on time, and we actually landed a few minutes early. Dr. Tom picked me up from el aeropuerto. I collapsed at home for a delightful nap, and then went to 'hearsal. Tomorrow's the first day back in the office, so I expect it'll be busy. I hope you've been well. I've missed you all!