Hey old friend...   Sometimes you definitely have to look back in order to go forward. Today was about revisiting times and places from my own not-so-distant past. This entailed a trip out to the country...out to where I'm from...that place called "home." Home in the sense of community, not necessarily the house, but I visited that, too. 8462 Rockspring was my address for 22 years, and today the house looks more or less the same, but had two adorable dogs sitting out front. One, under the dogwood tree was a Black Lab...the other, much older, sat up near the front steps and looked like a Golden/Collie mix. Winding my way through the streets of Lake Lucerne, it was hard not to become flooded with ancient memories of 4th of July parades, annual "Clean-Up" days and luminarios lining the entire community on Christmas Eve. I never thought I'd miss it much, but I never realized how special it was until I'd been away for a few years. Today, it was good to come home.   I visited a very close friend today, also. We had breakfast together and spent some much needed quality time catching-up. It's funny how people can be in your day-to-day life but you're somehow slipping away from each other. We both realized too much time had passed since we connected and shared. While our lives are different and separate, we make it a point to talk, to intersect, to be with each other. Indeed, it was good to come home.   It's funny how being in another city or state can help put perspective on your own life. Somehow, jumping out of your own routine for even a few hours, can totally alter your psyche, your mood and your heart. Nashville allowed me to rejuvinate mentally and physically. It allowed me to reconnect with a few people I love and respect in the business. It allowed me to take a look at where I am now, and to clarify the road ahead..a little. Look, things aren't always great. I'm not always happy...I get downright depressed sometimes...I behave poorly...act inconsiderately...say mean things...exhibit destructive behaviors. Sometimes, looking back at where you're from helps adjust things a few degrees...just enough. As I walked the nine blocks from the transit station to my house, it began to snow and the chill wind sliced right through me. It lashed at any exposed skin. I had not taken a coat with me to Nashville. I keyed into my house and a wave of warmth enveloped me. Toby, my dog, leaped and bounced and barked at the sight of me...ecstatic to have me back where I belonged...   It was good to be home.