People I've Lost Track Of   RYAN LYDEN    Ryan Lyden and I became fast friends when I was in the first grade at Gardiner Elementary School in Bainbridge Township, Ohio. I had the great fortune to have the teacher, Mrs. Larkins, who was located directly across the hall from my mother's room. So, I attended class in Room 14, while Mom taught in Room 15. Even though she says she had nothing to do with it, I doubt it was accidental. The two rooms often teamed-up for activities, field trips and movies...you remember those...where everyone sits cross-legged on the carpeted section of the classroom? Well, Ryan was a student in my Mom's class, and throughout the year, he and I became close friends.    By the time we got to second grade, we were nearly inseparable. Between Grades 2 and 5 we spent nearly every day together in class, and most weekends sleeping over at each other's homes. Sometimes, we'd stay with our other close friend, Paul, on his dairy farm. Halfway through the first quarter of sixth grade, he announced that his stepfather had been relocated to Kansas. Overland Park, I think. So, he moved away on December 10th that year, on Delta Airlines. Isn't it weird how I remember that? I was allowed to talk to him long distance (which was way more expensive back then) every other weekend on Saturdays. We kept in touch even as his stepfather was relocated to Farmington Hills, Michigan, outside Detroit, and eventually to somewhere in New Jersey.     My last contact with him was during my seventh grade year, after I had become new best friends with Charles Kaake. Ryan came in town for a weekend visit. I never saw him again. It wasn't intentional, we both went on with our lives always thinking we'd be in touch again. We weren't. So, I've often wondered where he is and what's happened to him. I wonder if he has kids. I wonder what his brother Brett and Sister Kelly are doing. I wonder if his mom stayed married to his stepdad. I wonder if Ryan's father is still a hairdresser in Hamburg, New York...just outside Buffalo.    I keep my eyes peeled and figure I'll find him one day.