my big gay life (55)     I guess it's more about blog housekeeping at this point, but I wanted to update you on my weekend. I'm glad to be back at work so things will slow down a bit. Here's the recap:   Wednesday    Meet Kelly and Mark to go out and celebrate. We head to the Lava Lounge in Tremont, where our collective cars get towed to some random lot. The three of us contact the towing company, and Kelly manages to persuade them to release our cars on the spot for the required fee ($102) in cash money per car. Otherwise, we'd have been stuck til 7am Thanksgiving. So, finally reunited with our cars...we drive home and drink heavily.    Thursday   Thanksgiving arrives with a prayer that I have enough gas to get me to my parents (who will them fork over some much needed cash to cover me til today). The day is fast and furious with lots of family over.     Friday   Doug and I hit the studio for the first time in weeks. We revise one of our songs for a submission request, and waddle through an enormous pond of legal/copyright paperwork. Later, I meet an old friend who was in town from LA. We went out to The Flying Fig for a drink, and then back to my place for some, well, nevermind. All I can say is: "Happy Thanksgiving!"   Saturday   I spent the early evening through the early morning with the ex love of my life and one of my very best friends, Lee. ( urlLink Andrew  is familiar with Lee, having played him in a one-act I wrote). Anyhow, we spent the evening catching-up, having a delightful dinner with his parents and then, finally, going out and hitting the clubs for old time's sake. What a terrific night! We had a blast running into old friends and making a few new ones...including a pair of brothers who wanted me to come home with me...(I said no). Lee and I have such a deep bond and we miss each other intensely when we're not together, but I will always be grateful for his friendship, and he, mine.    Sunday   I slept in as late as I could (10:30am) and then slugged around the house for the better part of the day. Besides a trip to the grocery and one to rehearsal, I stayed inside all day. Last night, Dr. Tom came over for a visit to watch Sex and the City and Queer as Folk.