garons endommags (damaged boys)      part seven   There were five of them in the rowhouses across the street. Underneath the sheen of public normalcy and personal splendour lives the gaping damage within.     It was rainy and the type of horrible November morning he'd come to hate - intensely. Between the coffee fix that didn't work anymore and his inability to purchase the chemical enhancements which helped him deal with the day to day, Corey managed to stumble into the bathroom to ready for the day of rehearsals and the opening performance of  Romeo and Juliet . There would be no time for irregularities today. The ballet master Patrice would be keeping a keen watch on all of the dancers, watching and waiting for errors, waiting for the opportunity to repress, oppress and/or scold and dancer who was not performing up to par that day. Patrice was harsh, demanding and cold. He could reduce a dancer to tears in less than five seconds. Corey thrived on the perfection, the demands, the sharp tongue. For Corey, it meant being absolutely focused on every movement. It meant hiding his secret delight from even his best friends in the corps. It meant not disclosing that he'd been hired on the spot by Metro Escorts. Well, hired after displaying the goods he had to offer potential clients. From his chiseled physique to his enviable endowment, Corey had wowed the boys at Metro, so much so that they'd offered him and exclusive arrangement immediately. Certainly, it was to their benefit to list one of the principal dancers from the city's ballet company as one of their own. Whoring was more or less all about cache, and Corey had exactly the background considered most desireable: educated, healthy, fit and sexually gifted. Indeed, there was money to be made, and money would certainly roll in once Coery became available to Metro's exclusive client list.   Corey smiled as he stepped under the searing streams of water jetting from the locker room shower. He would visit his first client that night immediately after the performance. How delicious to think after making his debut as Paris in  Romeo and Juliet  he would be entertaining a wealthy ballet patron on his own terms, in his own way and without criticism. Performing to the extent of his abilities, he would feel true freedom in his actions, and pocket a healthy sum of cash in the process. It all seemed scandalously simple.    Corey executed his choreography perfectly throughout the performance. He'd nailed his dances technically, and artistically, he'd performed with remarkable finesse. He was satisfied and aroused, thinking about his secret rendezvous later that night. After the cast party, after the accolades, he would rely simply on himself, his body and his insatiable sense of sexuality. Then, he would prove himself, make himself worthy.   It was nearly midnight when he rang the doorbell at 4006 Clinton Avenue. The darkness and quiet threw him for a moment. He stepped off of the porch toward his car when the door opened.  "Wait."  Corey wheeled around to face a shadowy figure in the doorframe.  "It's you. I shouldn't be surprised you're a whore. Selling your best asset, your body. Come inside. Now."  Corey stepped inside the house as Patrice closed the door behind him.  "Where shall we begin, Corey? First position?"