garons endommags (damaged boys)      part six - Braden   There were five of them in the rowhouses across the street. Underneath the sheen of public normalcy and personal splendour lives the gaping damage within.    It wasn't enought that Scotty had left in a fit of tears this morning, but Braden somehow needed to tell Kyle it was time to go, too. He'd been seeing both of them on and off for a month, and things were getting a little too tight for Braden's taste. Too many close calls. Too many near misses. He dialed the phone, and when Kyle answered, Braden simply said "Come over" and disconnected. He calculated that it would take Kyle no longer than 25 minutes to get there. He could have the "hit the bricks" conversation said and done within five or six minutes. It all depended on his reaction. That was the nasty variable in all this...the was absolutely no way to predict how Kyle would react. That was the messy part. It was completely untidy and horrible. But, when it was over, Braden's life returned to pure white, with only minor shades of grey that were easily cleaned and juxtaposed.   Kyle arrived amid a flurry of loud and rapacious knocking on the door. The kind of knocking that left smudges of dirty handprints on the otherwise pristine paint. Braden sauntered to the foyer and opened the door.  "Why do you have to call up and be like that?! Just saying 'come over' and hanging up on me?! What the fuck is that about??"  "You came."  "Jesus, baby...what's wrong? You sound all cold and shit. What's the matter?"  "It isn't working anymore. We're not working anymore. It's time for you to go."  Kyle looked at him, staring in disbelief. He blinked and said, "Are you kidding me?"  "No. This shirt is yours. You left it here last week."  "That's it?! That's all you're going to say??"  "Yeah. Guess so." Braden turned and headed back toward the kitchen. "Don't forget to pull the door tight on your way out" and disappeared around the corner. Kyle stood in the foyer for a moment, shocked. He stepped outside into the cold November evening and slammed the door shut behind him. The next bus home wouldn't be by for another twenty minutes. As he sat on the front porch steps, tears began streaming down his cheeks. At the age of twenty, he felt foolish for his childish display.    Daniel drove up to the garage, furiously pressing the button on his garage door opener to no avail. He parked the car in the drive and saw Kyle sitting on Braden's front porch.   "Hey! If he's not there you can wait inside here if you like."  Daniel couldn't believe the words came out of his mouth. What was he doing inviting this sketchy twentysomething into his house? But something inside Daniel wanted to know more about Braden, and looking at his trash was one way. "No, he's there. I'm just...waiting for the bus back home...he told me to..."  "Told you to what?"  "Leave."  "Oh. Sorry 'bout that. Well, have a nice night." Daniel turned and walked toward his door.   "Hey mister..."  "Daniel."  "Daniel. Umm. Thanks anyway. You're a nice guy. Too bad more guys ain't like you."  "Like me how?"  "You know, real nice and good looking, too. How come I ain't seen you around in the bars?"  "I'm married."  "Still, you're too hot to be all snatched-up by one person. Why aren't you a little more generous with yourself? Why won't you share? " Kyle backed up against the garage door with a sly grin on his face. Grasping desperately at his last remaining shreds of self-esteem.  "I'm not gay."  "Then why do you keep looking at me that way?"  "What way?!"  "Come on, touch me...you want to."  Daniel grabbed Kyle by the neck and slammed him up against the garage door fiercely. "I'm not a homo, you little faggot! You little piece of trash!"  Daniel thrust his tongue into Kyle's mouth, pressing him hard against the door, groping him like a teenager at a drive-in. His arousal won over the shame raging within. He hated this kid, he hated himself...and he loved it all at once.