garons endommags (damaged boys)    part four - Marcus   There were five of them in the rowhouses across the street. Underneath the sheen of public normalcy and personal splendour lives the gaping damage within.    Marcus was, at first glance, the complete picture of fitness and masculinity. He was tall, well-muscled and lean. His thick chestnut hair was cropped short. He could dazzle anyone with a flash of his brilliant white smile and twinkle of his exotic green eyes. He was very social, played rugby and soccer in the fall, basketball in the winter and baseball all spring and summer. He was aggressive and competitive in nature, but not at all disliked. In fact, Marcus had a constant swarm of people around him day and night...waiting for the next witty comment...waiting for him to smile upon them. Waiting to be the object of his favour. The guys at work considered him a god - after all, he outsold them all three to one, and was the highest producer in the region for phamaceutical sales. The women at work considered him a gift from God - after all, he had never slept with any of them and not called the next day. Marcus was a winner.    And...there was a deep and enduring sadness which was barely traceable...   When he reached home that evening after rugby practice, his Yellow Lab, Moby, greeted him at the door...his nails clicking loudly on the tilework in the foyer.  "Hey good boy! How's my best dog? How's Moby?!"  Moby continued to dance excitedly until Marcus let him out to run in the fenced backyard. He ran three complete laps until catching the scent of something fascinating near the hydrangea. Marcus checked his messages. One from his sister, and one from Daniel next door, wondering if he would be attending the local Republican fundraiser tomorrow night.  No he would not.  He grabbed Sam Adams Pale Ale and sauntered into the den. Sinking into the deep cushions of the couch, he flicked on Sports Center to catch up on the scores, and fell immediately asleep.    Marcus woke with a start to the sound of Moby barking at the door. He turned off the television, let the dog inside and headed upstairs to bed. Moby darted up the stairs past him, and into the bedroom. He completed his evening ablutions as if competing on an agility course...face, teeth, contact lenses, undress. This evening, he caught a glimpse of himself naked in the mirror...not believing it was really him...realizing he had never really looked at himself. Not recognizing the person looking back at him.   He pulled back the covers and slipped quietly asleep.