goodbye 2001...    goodbye  urlLink Dan      goodbye Billy:   Goodnight CHICAGO...  glimpses from closing night    Claire, the lady in the box office I won't see for awhile. The houseboards, marquee and lobby displays disassembled. The final audience buzzing with excitement, wanting the elusive magic of the final performance. The dressing rooms, once homey and lived-in, now cluttered and torn apart as we prepare to take our things home. The sign-in sheet on the callboard now full. Clips, reviews, photos and various sign-up sheets tattered, worn at the edges. Props: umbrellas, newspapers, old-fashioned cameras holding on for one last performance. Spike tape and glow tape just as it was during tech...some of it replaced after heavy traffic. The orchestra warming-up. The techies prepping the sets, lights and special effects. Listening to the Overture one last time. Seeing each cast member take the stage for their final show. Standing alone behind the center upstage door awaiting my entrance Is everybody here!? Is everybody ready!?. Seeing Roxy's bowler hat lower from the flies during "Roxy." Watching everyone watching everyone else...taking inventory of the faces and the experience so we won't forget any of it. Being surprised at just how emotional our final show is for me. Standing with Pam (Roxy) on the empty courtroom set and saying "Well, I guess that's it for you and me..." and really feeling my own subtext. Singing my final note, slamming the center upstage door...and losing my shit. Standing with the company stage left hugging and kissing each other during "Nowadays." Taking my final bow. Restoring my costumes and props to their cases and boxes. Cleaning my area of the dressing room. Watching the set disassembled and removed. Saying goodbye to everyone one last time. Being told goodbye one last time. Walking out past the marquee...already advertising the next show. Without a trace...CHICAGO was gone. As I walked away from the theater, and into the center of town, I realized I'll miss Billy Flynn most of all. So, if you see him...give him my regards. I'll miss ya, pal.    It's just a noisy hall where there's a nightly brawl    and all that jazz...    :: todd stuart 19.8.01 [+] ::      Goodbye Miss Girlene...   see you all in '02