garons endommags (damaged boys)      thirteen     the nutcracker       Coreys rendezvous with Patrice had added an unexpected and unique sexual energy to the routine of rehearsals. Every command uttered by Patrice seemed exciting, stimulating and playful. His energy was dark, immense and demanding. Corey could feel his dark eyes piercing him, surveying every move, every pause. Company class was suddenly more interesting, even for the other dancersother dancers who did not know Coreys secret, but sensed it. Most of the dancers, even Patrice, had performed  The Nutcracker  countless times. Most had performed it since the beginning of their careers, once a season. For the ballet world, it was the one staple that guaranteed a little financial freedom to do other, more gutsy and artistic work. This was the workhorse of all American and European classical ballet companies. Corey hated it. Hated it vehemently.  The Nutcracker , to him, represented the worst in the holiday season: lack of personal freedom. He felt indentured to the company. He felt like a slaveperforming this sad, tired old tradition day after day from Thanksgiving to New Years. Even though the audiences loved it, they never stuck around to see the real artistry, the season after  The Nutcracker , or The Nutbuster as many dancers referred to it. No, there were far fewer audiences who stayed to see  Gaite Parisienne  or even de Milles legendary  Rodeo . These were the important pieces, the historic and preserved choreography like a Rodin sculpture or a Manet.    Patrice watched the corps like a raptor stalking his prey. He watched for any flaw, misstep or slight imperfection, and corrected it with a sweeping and authoritative bellow across the rehearsal studio. He was born in Lyon, France, and came to the United States as a teenager, dancing with New York City Ballet, and attending school on an international scholarship for male dancers. Hed endured years at boarding schools and various dance academies. After his parents sent him away to study in London, hed had his first encounter with another young male dancer. Hed loved Colins grace and charm, two things he thought he lacked. The other students were not inclined to speak to Patrice or invite him along on social occasions, but everyone recognized his extraordinary talents in the rehearsal studios. He was flawless and breathtaking, and the dance meant everything to himit was his life.     Colin was the gregarious student among the class. His tousled hair and winning smile made him a favorite with all of the students, male and female. The instructors, however, found Colin a bit trying. After all, it was a prestigious academy of ballet, and not a social dance hall. Colin preferred the new and explosive rock music to the structure of classical. He was one of the most athletic dancers in the academy, having incredible strength and power. He could leap a vertical two metres from a dead-still position and complete three revolutions on the way back down. He thought, perhaps, he might be more suited for basketball.     Patrice like to be around Colin. Through Colin, he could be involved with the others, and over time, became amiable, but no friendships could blossom or survive Patrices dark and distanced nature. There was room only for the dance, and for Colin.    Colin loved Patrices serious nature, his focus and his dancing. He also loved his body, shorter and taut and spring-loaded. There seemed no end to his grace and agility, and that more than compensated for his rather average face. But, in dance, the courtship is silent. The muscles speak, the extremities speak, but rarely the mouth. Patrice was moody and complicated and Colin was exactly opposite.    "Plie, pliegood, good, goodGabrielle, head upup! Christopher, we are not dancing about as if atop a surfboard. Strength, give me solid movements, tighter circlestighter, tighter!"     Corey smirked, remembering quite a different conversation in Patrices bed. When rehearsal concluded, Patrice motioned for Corey. "Corey, you were not focused at all today. I think you may need some additional instruction. Ive called your service to inform them Ill be expecting you later. Don't be late."