garons endommags (damaged boys)       eleven      cold december flies away...     Daniel could not stop kissing him. For as much as he tried, he could not control what burned inside him...a long, hateful volcano of madness, destruction and passion...welling up within him until there was no other option. He'd seen the kid in and out of Braden's condo recently, just one in a line of many over the past few months. They's never seemed real, before...not human, certainly. And yet, here he was with his tongue in its mouth. It was both repulsive and thrilling.    Kyle heard of these types before, the men who hide and hate and beat themselves up...beat up other people, too. There was the certain thrill of being desired, of being wanted by someone he considered his superior. This man, neighbor of asshole Braden, was smart looking, successful and drove a nice car. Nicer than anything he'd seen growing up in the west side neighborhoods where the only car interior people saw was that of a police cruiser. Kyle liked the forcefulness of it...he'd been trown out by Braden, and thrown up against the garage door by Daniel...all within a matter of minutes. He like Daniel's firey nature, as if it was all bottled-up inside him and exploding. He decided he'd like to make Daniel explode...after all, attention was attention, and it gave him a reason to be seen by Braden, if he could make this work.    Daniel lessened his grip on Kyle, kissed him deeply, more pensively and with meaning. He pressed his body full against Kyle's slight frame, wanting him to feel the hardness. Kyle groped, and Daniel pulled away.   "What?!"  "I don't want to do this out here. Come on."  Daniel motioned for Kyle to get into the car.   "We'll go somewhere."  "I don't have any money, so I can't pay or anything."  "Don't worry. Just get in."  They both slipped into the car and Daniel eased out of the drive and onto the boulevard. His hand reached over and squeezed Kyle's thigh.   Jeanine thought it odd that Daniel wasn't at home when she returned from the office. He usually beat her by half an hour, and was almost never late. She checked the voicemail and found a message...he'd be home a little later than usual...meeting went longer than expected, but he'd already had dinner. She went to the refrigerator and pulled out a Yoplait. The strawberry-banana was her favorite. She sat at the kitchen counter leafing through this month's  Cosmo  and hating how she looked. On every page was a woman of perfect beauty, gorgeous coloring, great hair and flawless physique. She contrasted that image to every degree. Even in her snappy business attire she was still rather plain, uninteresting and unextraordinary to the eye. But Daniel loved her for what was inside, he'd said it so many times, she almost believed it. She felt acceptable, normal and even a bit sexy with him. She tossed the empty yogurt container into the garbage and switched off the kitchen light. She padded quietly down the hallway to the den, flopped into an overstuffed chair and flicked on  Wheel of Fortune .    The clerk looked at Daniel as he registered for the room. He could see outside, and even through the pouring rain...he could see Kyle in the front seat...waiting. The motel was in a sketchy, run-down section of the city. The kind of place no one likes to drive through. The kind of place that feels abandoned...a place that delivered anonymity. Daniel keyed into the room and once Kyle entered, he quickly locked the door. There were no formalities...in the darkness, warm, hungry mounths found each other. Daniel pushed Kyle to the bed...wanting more...   As Daniel fucked Kyle in a seedy motel near the interstate, Jeanine solved the puzzle before Vanna had turned more than four letters :  Caligula .