garons endommags (damaged boys)     ten - blue moon     He thought it was just an old saying,  once in a blue moon . But there it was, high above him, peeking down over his shoulder and illuminating the path in front of him. He'd read the definition...a second full moon in one month...very rare indeed. Thus the saying. He walked on the gravel walk, crunching each step...an intoxicating rhythm swirling like southern jasmine after an evening rainstorm. The sound was predictable. It made sense. It was orderly and clean. And Braden liked things that way.    He'd agreed to the vacation months ago, never expecting it to come to fruition. It was a hasty agreement realized suddenly with the arrival of an airline ticket overnight expressed to his office the week earlier. His best friend Marieke was also organized and orderly...so much so that she'd actually planned this vacation over a year earlier, and had planned to take no one other than Braden. And when it came to Marieke, there would be no arguing. There would be no last minute delays, cancellations or rescheduling. He'd even managed to arrange his time off accordingly.     He found himself in Charleston, South Carolina, strolling along the historic boulevards watching tourists, locals and anyone pleasing to his eye. He'd managed to walk alone that evening, Marieke otherwise engaged with a fine young gentleman from Maryland. He thought his name might be Joshua...but he'd not paid close attention. He'd been watching someone else completely. Marieke was introduced to Joshua on the veranda of the hotel, just after the evening cocktails were cleared and guests were ushered into dinner. Joshua was a high school history teacher and soccer coach. At age twenty-nine, he radiated youth and vitality, but was too old for Braden's taste. With the subtle glance rendered between best friends, Braden departed to find his own mischief. At this point she was probably planning on fucking him...and good for her...or maybe better for him. He'd heard stories of Marieke's sexual prowess...and not from Marieke.     Walking along the path from the hotel grounds down to the harbor, he relaxed for the first time in over a year. Pressure leapt from his shoulders and he was dizzy from relief. It was also, effectively, the first time he was really single...not dating anyone and with no intention of doing so. Things were always messy in that arena. Better to be single for awhile and figure things out. He sat on a bench facing Charleston Harbor and looked out toward the dark horizon, barely detectable...a line of blackness where the stars dissolved into the sea. Braden watched as small boats passed, headed to their slips in yacht clubs and private docks. All the people with money, he thought...and did it guarantee them happiness? Well, yes...to a degree it certainly did. Problems are problems no matter what the bank balance is...but perspective is everything, and problems look decidedly different from the bow of a yacht.     Braden wandered to the slips located at the edge of the park a few feet from the hotel grounds. There was little activity, except from a smaller boat near the end of the dock. He heard music as he approached...something familiar and moody. As he approached, someone moved topside to secure one of the lines. He saw the flicker of a lighter and the brief illumination of the most beautiful face he'd ever seen. Chiseled and tan with beautiful lips and high cheekbones, he'd accounted and taken inventory of this face in a single instant. His eyebrows were sandy brown, with sunbleached blonde hair tousled by the wind...Braden thought he was looking at an advertisement for youth and beauty and the high life. He was classic, handsome and boyish. Maybe he'd seen him in a magazine...one with matte pages and pungent colognes. He'd stopped breathing for fear of being discovered. It was too late.   "It's not polite for strangers to sneak about like that."  Braden stammered, "I'm...I'm sorry...I didn't mean..."  "You won't be a stranger if you introduce yourself then, will you?"  "Braden Mackey."  "Never met a Braden before. I'm Thomas."