garons endommags (damaged boys)      seventeen     fade into you     It was like that song by Mazzy Starthat one that went fade into you . He kept hearing it over and over in his head. The fact was, he couldnt stop thinking about Michael, and daydreaming was deadly at the College of William and Mary. Hed managed to glide through his World Politics exam, but hed not be so lucky in Organic Chemistry. Marcus decided to keep all thoughts of Michael strictly out of bounds during his prescribed study periods. Otherwise, hed failplain and simple. But, he felt oddly complete with himsomething hed never felt beforealways opting to be alone, single rather than depend on someone else for happiness or love or sex or all three. But, Michael was different in every way.    Michael joined him frequently on his jogs through town, and grew to enjoy his silent company. Michael was indeed an eyeful, his dark hair and eyes set off his athletic frame, and his movement more fluid and graceful than many world-class long distance runners. There was also something else that set him apart, a kind of darkness or aloofness that made him seem almost mysterious, intriguing. Of course, Marcus thought, it might have been his European upbringingalways keeping respectful distance. Not wanting you to get too close, ever.     Whatever the case was, Marcus adored Michael. He loved not only his looks, but his intelligence and good nature. Michael was an affable companion, friend and excellent lover. They were compatible completelyin ways that allowed them to have entire conversations without speaking a word. Marcus hated their semester breaks, and even more, summerwhen Michael would return home to his family in France.     Marcus was fascinated by what he called European sensibilityMichaels family made no issue whatsoever about his sexuality, and made it see if it was the most obvious and normal outcome. This was, of course, completely different from what Marcus experienced with his family. His parents glazed over like they were hearing a fatal diagnosis, or realized theyd just lost the hand of Bridge at the country club. It seemed to Marcus that his parents were more irritated than anything else. It was a reality they had never considered for their son, or for their family. At once, his parents retreated into the closetthe one left conveniently empty by Marcus. But, after a few months, the family began speaking about itmaking the requisite inquiries about safety and something about "have you found any special friends lately." After an entire year had passed and all those concerned had realized this was not a passing fancy, more direct questions were plied, jokes were dispensed and the family settled in with the information that their genius jock son was queer. His father, George, was always curious to know when they would get to meet any of Marcus friends, and were they any good at golf and tennis?     Michael would more than fit the bill. His gentile nature and impeccable manners would charm both of his parents, not to mention their friends at the club. Michael was an avid golfer, and worthy foe on the tennis court. He bonded immediately with George, and they spend much of their time together competing.     There was, of course, Michaels enviable pedigreefrom one of the most prominent families in France, and perhaps Western Europe. If George was going to have a gay son, by god, he was going to date within the right circles. And, in this way, George began to see very little difference in the lives of his straight children, and in the life of Marcus.     To Marcus, life became real and surrealnormal in the strangest of ways. And, he was happy, actually happy for maybe the first time ever in his life. Like an accident, or a miracleor both, hed found Michael.