weigh home     There was the other-worldliness of it, exiting the old movie theater onto Water Street in the center of town, the neon and chaser lights blinking and twinkling off of the wet pavement. Here, at the top of a hill, overlooking the better part of an entire rural county, time stood still for just a moment. The courthouse stood at the center of the town square, brick and majestic in a plot of thick green grass, carefully manicured in the summer by a maintenance staff of three.     And, there were the people of this place, who walked just a little bit slower and took nothing for granted, who lived the country life and let all else come after it. The grocery and the car wash dating back to the fifties were as urban as it got, and there wasn't much thought of the city, or city folk. City folk like me.     But this is of me. I came from a place just like this. With cows and green, green fields and miles of nothing, and tractors and dusty two lane roads. I come from a place of the earth and wheat and organic mirth, the growth of something from nothing. I come from a place where we labored daily, the till and the scythe and the hoe.     There were horses and mules. There were sheep and goats. And my cows.  Sweet Sara and Moira and Della and Katy. I remember the barn cats mewing and weaving between my legs on our way to milk the old girls, getting shifty-legged and restless in their stalls, eager to be let into the fields to graze, to wander. And I wish to be there, too, among the grass and the animals, wandering the fields...returning to the place I once knew.     I cross the street and head toward my car at the end of the block, past the coffee shop and realty office, past the photography studio and the toy store. I head down the steep back road, down off the hill, down into the lush darkness of the quiet valley.     And, even though it's February, I roll down my windows to let in the sweet air of this place. It smells of damp earth and moss and rain, cold rain. It smells of home, back when home was a place like this...