you know it's been a weird week when your dog looks at you funny...   And he did. After all, I've left him with my parents for about 30% of the past 2 months...but more than that, he can sense when things are a little, well... off . Given the events of last week, I feel pretty good about things, mostly. When I went to NYC, it was for both personal and professional reasons. One of my best college friends, Lisa Steinfink, was getting married to her perfectly wonderful guy, Richard Goldstein (nice Catholic couple)...make that  Doctor  Goldstein (whose sister happens to be Lisa Brenner who had a featured role in Mel Gibson's  The Patriot  kissing Heath Ledger). Anyhow, wedding completed, May 20th was my birthday. I spent a good part of it with  Verdezza  the author of the infamous and now vaporized blog of the same name. Dezz kindly escorted me down to the WTC site to show me what little there was to see. What struck me was how small a space it really is...well, smaller than I thought. We had a nice dinner together...and it was truly one of the nicest birthdays on memory...thanks, Dezz! I forgot to mention it when the news of Bob's death overwhelmed me. I finished out the conference on Thursday morning...and gratefully headed back home that afternoon.    So, Friday begins with this hottie appraiser who has been dispatched by my mortgage broker to case my house. After he leaves, I head into my office to try and dig out from underneath an avalanche of...stuff. The high point is getting to relax with some theatre friends...I had the chance to visit with Connor and Ricki, Phil and Jill, and Chris and Matt. Good to spend time with all of them again (I wish I got to see more of Ricki and Connor...I love them to pieces!). Saturday, I had Bob's memorial service at 11a and Julie's wedding at 3:45p. After enjoying the beautiful wedding and reception on the shores of Lake Erie, I fell into bed, exhausted.    Sunday was spent with the family, extended family in the morning....immediate family in the evening...with shopping for landscaping stuff wedged in the middle. When I woke up on Monday, I didn't even want to venture outside my yard, but Kelly convinced me to join her for breakfast...which was the nicest 2 hours I've spent listening and being listened to...thanks, Kel...you'll never know how much I needed that...but maybe you do.   I visited with neighbors last evening at a block party cookout...lots of new faces and many of the old regulars. It was thoroughly...odd...which is all I'll say about that. There was nothing quite like coming home and locking the door.   hasta...