I guess this is goodbye old pal, you've been a perfect friend  ...  Monday, May 20,  was my birthday, smooshed in between weddings, meetings and Broadway shows. Happy Birthday to me. Although, I must admit, I am feeling every bit 31 years old. Tuesday, May 21st, I saw the revival of  Into the Woods  currently running at the Broadhurst. It's one of my favorite shows, one I starred in three summers ago...in fact, I started this blog as that run was ending. One of my favorite theatre directors, Bob Stegmiller, invited me to audition, and I had the immense privilege of playing the Wolf/Cinderella's Prince...and using the original Broadway costumes (a rare treat). Bob was also responsible for keeping me working in the theatre at a time when I had no self-confidence, when I felt I had no real talent. In 1987, he plucked me out of a crowd of 250 other people and gave me the role of  Peter  in  Jesus Christ Superstar . It reinvigorated my love for theatre, and inspired a confidence I had long since lost. 15 years and over 40 featured and starring roles later, I owe a debt of gratitude to Bob...for the simple act of believing in a hopeful 16 year old.   I sat in the Broadhurst watching a gorgeous, but absolutely uninspired, production of  Into the Woods  wondering why Bob's magical production wasn't on that stage. For the first time in my life, I actually thought we shoulda been up there...our company was so much more dynamic and energetic and talented... honestly . Ah well, such is life in the commercial theatre.   When I returned to my hotel room after the show, I received a message that Bob had died earlier in the day. He had suffered a massive coronary, and after 30 minutes of attempted resuscitation, he slipped quietly away. Ever since his stroke last week, he'd been improving, but his heart didn't hold out. I'm so glad I got to see him last week in ICU...I'm so glad I could touch him, talk to him and make him chuckle about his cute gay nurse. I will miss his amazing presence and his incredible spirit. Thank you, Bob, for always believing in me. Thank you for taking a chance on this kid. Thank you for your friendship and love.  Namaste  and Godspeed.   Sometimes people leave you halfway through the wood...  Do not let it grieve you, no one leaves for good...  You are not alone...  No one is alone...   (Stephen Sondheim,  Into the Woods )