garons endommags (damaged boys)      twenty-three     into the wonder     Ben was tired of feeling injuredemotionally injured. Things never seemed to work out. If there was hope, it always seemed dashed in the end, usually with some bizarre twist. Like an episode of  The Twilight Zone , complete with Rod Serling narration, Ben watched his life unfold with a sense of fascination and horror. Why were simple things so difficult? Why was it nearly impossible to achieve a degree of normalcy and serenity? Hed watched Marcus become more and more closed off from the world, obsessing, no doubt, over his past with Michael. Why did he all but disappear every time he became sullen and swollen with nostalgia, grasping pathetically at some idealized vision of the pastcompletely unclouded by reason and sanity?     Thats partly why he was so excited to visit Tuck and to hang outgossiping about friends, dishing about men and catching-up on the latest from the bar scenesomething he had long since abandoned. The weekend party would be just what he needed to get his mind off of his everything and his nothing.    Tucks new place was only ten minutes from Ben, located right off Shore Road and nestled between some old-growth trees and the endless rocky coast of Lake Erie. It was the sort of high-rise condo that looked like it didnt quite belong - nothing over three stories did. Tuck was one of those new money fags who had the best of everythingat least it was stuff that looked pretty. Including whomever he happened to be bedding at the time. His life was like some glorified combination of Martha Stewart Living and the best of Crate and Barrelonly the colors were more muted and subdued, which seemed ironic to Ben, since Tuck was neither of those things.    Benjamin, darling, weve been waiting for you. I want you to meet Indio, I told you about Indio last week, remember?    Indio was exactly the club twink Ben had imagined, complete with a boxed blonde dye-job, multiple piercings, tattoos and bad vocabulary. He gave them two weeks, max.      Ben surveyed the room with raptor-like eyes, sharply scanning everyone in the room, looking for exes or potentially embarrassing encounters. So far, so good. With a keen awareness of the attendees, Ben meandered through the comfortable, over-decorated rooms, noting with some delight, the apparent absence of any real taste.     That is when he spotted Sean, making his way down the hallway toward him. Sean smiled to brightly, with such familiarity, that Ben thought he might already be acquainted. As Sean moved closer, he was relieved to see that he was, indeed, a total strangersomething very unique and very intriguing given the relatively small size of the gay community. Sean didnt walk so much as he ambled. He was comfortable and confident and smiling at Ben. Looking directly in his eyes, sparkling with possibilities. Not even a hint of psycho drama queen anywhere.  This was good .     Hi. Im Sean. Whats your name?   Ben.   Nice to meet you, Ben. I was just about to leave, but seeing as youre so handsome and actually willing to talk to me, Id love to buy you a drink.   Ben smiled and said, theyre free.    I know, Im kidding.   Ben laughed and relaxed a little, enjoying the unexpected encounter with this dark and handsome stranger. Someone new, he thought.  A totally blank slatethe best place to start. They chatted eagerly for nearly an hour until Sean announced that he would be leaving with the friends who drove him, but could they please keep in touch? A proper date, perhaps?    As they exchanged numbers, things looked a little different to Ben, which is not to say better, exactly, but interestingfascinating and intriguing.    Im sorry I have to bolt, but they are my ride. I wish I could stay and talk to you, get to know you a little bit.   Well, well have to do that sometime over dinner or a drinks or something.   That would be perfect! Ill look forward to hearing from you.     There was an awkward and burning moment where there might have been a kiss, and then the odd, sinking resolution of a polite handshake.    With that, Sean disappeared into the sea of well-dressed and over-cologned men.    Ben stared right into the face of new possibilities.    Finally, there was something other than Marcus.