whither must I wander    If you try to be clever and funny all the time, you and your blog will burn out and go away. As we can see by my blog's longevity...I am neither clever nor funny all of the time. Alas, I have seen many good men and women come and go. I was pondering my blogging and/or lack thereof lately, and it's interesting to note when and where spurts of writing activity kick in. I haven't yet figured it all out, but from my perspective, it's interesting.   2002 was the year of the move. So many of my friends, family and exes all packed their shit up and hit the road for new homes elsewhere. This year, I sent off Kelly (not too terribly far away), Dr. Tom, Dan (unravel in 58 fame...watch out those of you in San Diego), Steve...and, well, you get the picture. I bet you can think of someone who packed it up this year. Weird...but I kinda like how people drop what they're doing and  shift .  urlLink Andrew  mentioned that his best friend Brandon is going to move to San Diego (hey, I know this guy that just moved there...), so that counts as another friend who is moving. It all makes me ask, can we change our lives by changing our location? Are we a nation of Jimmy Buffetts? Changes in latitude, changes in attitude?    I have grown used to saying goodbye to people...and I mean that in the least melodramatic way possible. I'm used to it, I just am. Sometimes we want everything to remain the same, and sometimes we want everything to change...and some of us are stuck somewhere in between. Either way you look at it, I suppose it's good to stir it up a bit. I guess change is change, but it's not always a solution, or more accurately, the total solution. Many times, it's stop-gap until we get to the root of what's really eating us. Change tends to peel back a few layers, like a sticky bandage on a wound...revealing sometimes the painful, sometimes the scarred...and sometimes the healed.   So, you are travelers, journeyers...go find what you seek, that mysteries may be revealed.