notes from Fawn Island   My journey began in Cleveland on Friday afternoon. I spent lunch with Kristin (from JCS and Footloose) and then headed to Bridge House to retrieve Toby and my personal effects. The drive was estimated at 3.5 hours, give or take 15 minutes for construction projects blooming like wildflowers along the turnpike. Eric phoned my mobile for the first time as I edged slowly forward in the first bit of construction hell a few miles outside of Detroit (Rock City). I was already running late. By the time I reached Eric's house in Washington, Michigan, it was 6:23...I should have been there by 5pm. We were never going to make the 7pm ferry, so we would aim for the 8pm. We gathered Toby and my weekend bag and loaded into an enormous white pickup truck, almost as wide as it was long. The drive to the St. Clair River was only 45 minutes. We crossed the main part of the river quickly, and met the Fawn Island Ferry shortly thereafter.    Fawn Island rests in the middle of the river. It is Canadian territory, but with clear views of both the American and Canadian shores. Fawn Island is the summer residence of maybe 30 families and a large assortment of purebred dogs. Toby and I fit right in...Toby being purebred, myself being Canadian...somewhat. There is no commerce on the island, just housing. Each cottage/house is rigged with everything you need: electric, water, sewer, telephone lines...so it's not  that  rustic...but you are, after all, on an island in a river (much like La Grande Jatte in Paris).    Michelle is one of my best friends from home. We met when we worked together at Sea World, and became even closer when we attended The Ohio State University for several overlapping years. We won State titles in Speech & Debate together, and we lived together for two years. All of this puts her into a category of intimacy not many others share. Eric, her fiancee, is a wonderful guy...they met at law school at MSU...not long after she decided she probably would never meet someone and get married. I guess when you finally give up the ghost...that's when you get it. Anyway...   Michelle and I have not spent any real quality time together...largely due to my crazed schedule, but not for her lack of trying. This weekend was an important step for me, as I move toward reclaiming my life from my almighty schedule...to do things I wanted to do, not because someone was counting on me being there (even though she was) it was definitely my choice to go. And you know what? It made a difference.    I am tired of being places because I am expected there. If I continue to do that, surely I'll die with a booked agenda. Believe me, a booked agenda does not a life make. It just makes you  busy . I miss the loss of my own free choices, and believe me, I'm not blaming anyone but myself. I must start saying no without the looming guilt. I want to go places because I  want  to, not because I think I should. Did everyone else learn this in Fifth Grade?? Was I sick that day? Was I tending to something that needed tending?   Spending time with Michelle and Eric reminded me of living with Michelle. Actually, it reminded me separately of living with Kelly and Leisa, too. These were times when anything and everything we did seemed like a special event. We could be watching a movie or doing laundry, but it was somehow special or interesting because we were doing it together. Does that sound weird? I think about watching the Sunday night lineup, and I remember that it was more of an  event  when I was living with Kelly. It was something to look forward to...to talk about while we prattled on about our mundane chores. With Michelle, it was always the chatter about what we were doing, or what crazy workloads or classloads we had. Somehow it was all interesting and delightful. And perhaps, most importantly, it was not lonely. I think the isolation and introspection one has when living alone can loom large and silent in the room with you. Simple things are dull again.    Spending time with Michelle reminded me about myself a little...things I had forgotten. How is it that one person can color your life so much? How can the experience of sitting in the same room with someone be so vastly different than sitting in the same room, watching the same TV program by yourself?    We can't go backwards, but we can make different choices. Tonight's choices: mow the lawn, do laundry and clean up around the house. Certainly not glamorous, but I did them joyfully because I knew that somewhere in West Park and somewhere in Michigan, two of my friends would be doing almost the same things...and we'd watch the TV programs separately, but together...   And I can smile and remember what is was like lending an ear or sharing a bottle of wine...