somewhere in the past year...       I remember thinking how excited I was when the weather turned nice last spring, and that I couldn't wait to hit the trails for a summer and autumn full of hiking and biking. Now here we are, at the end of summer, staring into the gullet of autumn, and I have yet to hit the trails...even once. I know it may not seem strange to the casual reader, but understand that hiking and biking are among my most favorite activities, and the fact that I have denied myself, really bothers me.   I know we're all busy, but when is busy...too busy? How can you avoid overbooking yourself so much that you don't notice until, well, you're overbooked? There must be some early warning system available. If there is, I have yet to recognize it.    Slowing down is a good thing. I am excited that  Guys & Dolls  opened last night and will close after only 4 more performances, leaving my schedule blissfully open for the first time in months. I am eager to get back out to the National Park and hit the trails. I am eager to get back into my gym routine with Kelly. I need to get back to the things I used to do...if only to ground myself a little. I feel like I am living in a life that feels so totally foreign to me. Does that sound odd, or do you know what I mean?   Anyway, somewhere in the past year, I've lost sight of it and managed to ramble busily everywhere else but inward. From my vantage point today, all I can see is a much clearer schedule, no looming commitments to anyone other than myself...and that feels pretty damned good. I need some time to work on me, to figure stuff out and make a plan. I guess when you wake up and you're 31 and you have almost everything you could want, maybe it's time to focus on new goals, new dreams and do a lot of deep soul searching about...something,  anything . I think satisfaction is terminal...and boring. Who wants to sit around sated all the time? It's nice to experience every so often, but if you don't leave the plateau, you're dead.   See ya 'round...