in the end.     There was the ending of it. I know he didnt see it coming, and I think thats why Im doomed to never see it coming (my karma being what it is and all). Or maybe its because you can  never  see it coming, barreling down the tracks at you like a runaway locomotive, ready to derail at the slightest anomaly.     I began to wonder why it always ends that way, with someone utterly and completely surprised. Then again, sometimes we do see it coming and we look away, until that horrible moment of impact.    The airlines and other passenger carriers have the NTSB to conduct post-disaster investigations. But who do we have? Wouldnt it be helpful to have an impartial investigation conducted on the details of each romantic disaster?     There are those times when I know it was my faultfor whatever reason. And I look back and hope that I didnt do too much emotional damage, although I fear I may have. I always end up wondering how theyre doingeven years later. But the danger of actually finding out is like opening Pandoras Box. In the end, it seems like youve unfurled the welcome mat. Then what do you do? Be a jerk again? No, better to leave things alone and hope theyre okayfrom a safe distance.    Negotiating ones way around ones former significant others is tricky, at bestespecially if you happen to live in a small to medium sized city like Cleveland. After awhile,  theyre everywhere .     Best to try and end things on a civil, if not friendly, note. This brings me back to my initial thought: how can you achieve that if its going to be a horrible surprise in the end, anyway?    You cant.    You just have to plow forward, knowing youll be seeing all of them again. Not to say it doesnt make you seriously consider relocating to another city altogether, but why should you have to move?  They  are the ones who were stupid and didnt see the end coming. Stupid people should move away.  Far away .    Then, I guess, that means that I should move away, also. After all, Ive been stupid, too. In the end, wed all just be moving around trying to avoid the uncomfortable, inevitable truth: were all flawed, and there is no escape. The way karma works, youll only end up running into them anyway.    So, you might as well stay put, stupid.