garons endommags (damaged boys)      twenty-six     something beautiful      Corey was looking backwards, maybe for the first time in his life; he was considering the choices hed made, wondering if it made any difference at all. He often thought not. But today, sitting in a holding cell in the county court house, there was nothing to do but consider. Hed been sitting in the little mint green room for six hours, since hed been processed and booked. There was little left to do but make the telephone call to his parents, and to wait to make his appearance in court.    He met the john in the Market Square area of town, normally a safe and discreet place for such transactions. It was well lighted and highly trafficked. It was not the typical place hed make the connection. This, perhaps, was his major mistake. If hed only suggested a meeting among the warehouses along the wharf. If only hed insisted on a reference, or somethinganything, he might not be in this situation.    It was true that most sex workers are arrested at least once, if not many times in the span of their professional careers. Corey had stupidly bet against the odds. He was, after all, a legitimate entertainer, and being legit, felt he could fly just beneath the radar. Hed been stupid about this, and greedy.     Corey was escorted down the hallway by a bailiff when the court docket was set for the day. Hed be seen by Judge Mathis. Ironic, really, because hed voted for him in the last election. At least, he thought so. There were too many judges to keep track of in the city, but Corey was sure hed voted for this guy. Not that it would help him here.    Something clicked inside of him. He could see out of his eyes, like lenses at the end of a tunnel. It was like he had retreated inside of himself. He could see everything going on around him, but it was distant and loping. There was the bailiff and the clerk and a large assembly of other people like him and their families.    His father had all but disowned him when hed come out to them in college. The shock of the prostitution charge would most likely destroy what was tenuous, at best. No, there would be not revelation to his parents about his legal matters. Better to keep that safely tucked away for as long as possibleforever, if possible.    The judge asked him for his plea. He looked at the floor in front of him as he declared his guilt. Corey received a two-thousand dollar fine and 100 hours of community service and a terse admonition. He was processed and released within an hour.    When he reached the outside, it was gray and drizzling rain. He relished in the freedom hed taken for granted only a few hours before, and promised himself to figure out a better way through life. If there ever was a red flag, this was it. He was determined not to let it pass without action.    Inevitably, there would be the police blotter and the court records, all a matter of public information. Would most people put together that he was a dancer with the ballet company? He was not a principal dancer and, most likely, would not be noticed by most people. This time, it paid off not to be a celebrity, no matter how small.    Corey returned home just as Jeanine was getting ready to leave for work. He tried, unsuccessfully, to avoid her gaze. Shed been watching him lately. He knew she suspected somethingall the coming and going at odd hours, contrary to his fairly regimented rehearsal schedule. She knewsomething. And shed most likely find out when the report was published in the blotter. Then theyd finally have something to talk about. He waved and darted into his house, locking the door behind him.    Here there was nothing but space. Here, there were no walls painted institutional green. Here, there was no one to look at him or judge him or buy him. Here, there was only Corey. Here was a place to reconfigure the pieces, to sort and discard and organize into something new. Something beautiful.