come and knock on our door...      Okay, so I've been a little quiet this week, but it's been a bit draining. What with all those interviews, a show opening and tons of stuff to do at home...it barely seemed like 7 days. I like when the week flies by...I do. So, a couple of things to list:   - My friend Greta's show premiered spectacularly in Cleveland this weekend!  Those Seven Little Words: I Love You, So You're Probably Gay  opened at Cleveland Public Theatre to packed houses. Greta developed the show during her time in NYC, and recounts her many tales of romantic dead-ending with guys who end up, well,  gay.  She was backed-up by Drew Rothman on drums, Charles Eversole on keyboard (and Musical Director), Mike Caraffi and Eric Unhold on vocals. I really hope the show can find a great weekly following at a wonderful small venue. If we are all lucky enough to have the show produced here again, promise me you'll go!   - Kelly's been hard at work organizing her world. She gets the award for hardest worker, that's for sure. She may be heading out west to seek her fortune and happiness there, and if there's anyone who can do it, it's Kelly. She's got this amazing ability to keep moving forward, no matter how challenging things get. Anyway, change can be really exciting, so I'm hoping she's all out there and settled by next March...so I have somewhere to stay when I go to the Oscars. Then, she'll be a part of a very important cadre of friends I have out there. Maybe I'll have to move, too. I'm having visions of Venice Beach and reruns of  Three's Company.    - One more quick note. I managed to locate a college friend this week.  urlLink Chris  was my freshman year roommate, and one of the most talented and humorous people I knew at OSU. We have yet to catch up on the phone, but I am looking forward to covering the ten or so years between us.   - Along with hiking and biking this season, I've added running to my outdoor repertoire. It's painful. My high school cross-country days all come flooding back. My muscles don't recover as fast as they once did. I can't run the distances I used to...not even close. But, I will persevere. There is nothing quite like the endorphine rush when I'm done. In the end, it's a great stress reducer and another great reason to be outside!!    Well, I'm off into the wild outdoors. Catch you back here soon...