Be all that you can be...just don't be  out ...      U.S. Army dismisses more gay linguists   David Ryan Alexander, Gay.com / PlanetOut.com Network    With 15 recent discharges, the Army continues to dismiss gay and lesbian linguists from the military, bringing the total to 24, with a majority trained in Arabic and Korean. "Our nation faces a serious shortfall in the number of trained professionals who can speak and decipher the languages critical to our national security," said C. Dixon Osburn, executive director of the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network (SLDN). "The continued firing of lesbian, gay and bisexual Americans who are trained in those languages underscores the detriment of 'don't ask, don't tell' on our nation."    Cathy Glover, an Arabic linguist, was discharged from duty three weeks ago. In response to the nine linguists discharged last fall, Glover had written a letter to the local Monterey Herald newspaper, in which she revealed her sexual orientation. Soon afterward she was dismissed.     "During this war," she said, "the military is more reluctant to discharge homosexuals then they are in peace time, and this is a double-standard that doesn't make sense -- they say we need you during this war, but as soon as this war is over we're going to discharge you."     An editorial in the Washington Post on Wednesday called the practice of discharging gays and lesbians, "self-destructive and unjust. The military cannot afford to brand as unfit for service qualified men and women who wish to put their talents -- whether those lie in combat roles or languages -- in the service of their country." --------------------------  OK,  are we homos like Kryptonite to the US Armed Services?!? Explain to my how you can bolt fearlessly into enemy territory, risking life and limb, and still be so petrified of us? Are straight men terrified that we might employ their own tactics of seduction for use on them? That's clever. Wanna take down the whole US Army? Route your local Pride Parade into a military base...