Landslide.     I love flying on days like today. There is nothing in the sky but clear blue, and the sun illuminates the landscape for miles. Today, we were treated to a Northeastern take-off, which put us way out over beautiful Lake Erie. On cloudless, sunny days like today, Erie is as jewel toned and gorgeous as the waters of Cozumel. When I was just a child, I used to daydream about crossing Lake Erie on a canoe, never really understanding just how long that might take. From Cleveland, it is only 78 miles to the other side, and even at 29,000 feet, you still cant see Canada.     It seems odd to be leaving at such an odd juncture. Grandma is slowly recuperating in the hospital. After two or three cases of acute pneumonia and various other maladies, this 96 year old war horse is ready, I think, to come home. Yesterday marked two weeks at Metro General for her.     I found out on Friday that I will not be promoted to the Director of Marketing and Communications at work. I wasnt really surprised, but definitely feeling a bit rejected. In reality, it means I can focus on new and exciting projects coming down the lineand hey, Ill probably find even more of those. Still, its never easy to be passed up for someone else. Like in human relationships, we are left asking, whats wrong with me? Nothing reallythe answer is much more complicated and vague.    I suppose this is one of those watershed moments where you stop and take stock while youre standing here stuck on the steps of the palace. I think this trip to NYC will be more fruitful and beneficial in so many ways, if not to repair my bruised self-esteem. This years watershed moment times nicely with my birthday, tomorrow, May 20. Last year, I spent time on my birthday in NYC visiting the WTC site and enjoying the company of a few of my friends, whom I only see on my travels to their wonderful city. This year, Ill be in meetings and lunches and cocktail parties, Broadway shows, after-parties and dinners. Ill think about how lucky I am to be so fortunate. Ill be happy to have made it to 32, no worse for the wear. Ill remember my friend Bob who passed away a year ago this Wednesday.     Sometimes its the change in perspective thats needed. From 29,000 feet, things look better already.