A gay soiree...    Its not like the words gay and Tony awards never appear together, but this years kudofest was particularly homo heavy. The gay festivities started off with a nationally televised kiss between  Scott Wittman  and  Marc Shaiman , partners in both love and songwriting, who won the award for Best Original Score for Hairspray. We are not allowed to get married in this world, I dont know why, but Id like to declare in front of a million people, I love you, and Id like to live with you for the rest of my life, said Shaiman. Shortly afterward,  Joe Mantello  thanked his boyfriend, playwright  Jon Robin Baitz , when he accepted the award for Best Director for his work on Take Me Out. Then  Denis OHare  thanked his boyfriend as he accepted the award for Best Featured Actor in a Play for his performance in Take Me Out, which won Best Play for openly gay dramatist  Richard Greenberg . (The play itself is the story of a baseball player who comes out of the closet and features more unclothed men onstage than Naked Boys Singing.) Hairspray won eight prizes, including Best Musical. Any play with  Harvey Fierstein  (in or out of a dress) qualifies as gay, but the Tonys recognized several members of one of the queerest creative teams ever to mount a musical: in addition to Shaiman and Wittman, there are director  Jack OBrien , book cowriter  Mark ODonnell , and costumer  William Ivey Long . (Other gay men in the wings include  John Waters , who wrote and directed the original film, and choreographer  Jerry Mitchell .) The play, which tells the story of a pudgy teenager named Tracy Turnblad who integrates a TV dance show back in 1962, is about inclusiveness, as ODonnell said last year when the team was honored in the 2002 Out 100. The outsider-becomes-insider story was made even sweeter when  Marissa Jaret Winokur , who won Best Actress in a Musical, proclaimed, If a 4-foot-11, chubby New York girl can be a leading lady in a Broadway show and win a Tony, then anything can happen.