Birds in my window.     Sometimes you just stop. Ever been stuck in your own personal quicksand? According to the clinicians, I am depressed, well at risk anyway. They say this because I checked a few too many of the options on the diagnostic exam. And, do you know, I think they might be right. I think we under-diagnose the condition. I didnt really think about it as a possibility until, after two weeks of not feeling like myself, I realized I didnt know how to get back. But, the one thing I did know was how it all happened. I looked at the lineup of stressors in my life and heard the bell go offhow could I have missed it?!? Why is it that we push ourselves to be perfect and happy all the time, and then, conveniently, pretend not to notice when things go south? So, what do you do? For me, the answer was to make proactive choices about my mental and emotional health. Instead of standing still, I choose a direction. For me, where there is motion, there is hope. Where there is motion, balance may return.    I have this daily reminder of the continuity and simplicity of life. A pair of sparrows has built a nest within the wall of my house near one of my bedroom windows. During the fierce winds and storms of this past winter and spring, one of the wooden siding planks came looseleaving a small triangular holelike a door ajar. Its funny, because I thought of it as a nuisance at first. There is this hole in my house, between the siding and the interior wall. I hear them in the morning, fluttering around that impossibly tiny space. They fly back and forth to the maple tree in the front yard. Sometimes, when I stand at the window in my pajamas, they fly out of the nest and hover in the air, looking at me through the window, no doubt trying to make sense of their curious human neighboreven while I try to make sense of their curious human neighbor.     Things change daily, and today, things are good! Look, I am only sharing this with you because I believe people should talk about it. I am not looking for sympathy, and there is no reason for you to be concerned. Sometimes, it's impossible to be shiny-happy people. And that's okay. It just seems we never hear about hitting bottom, or swamping around in the quagmire. So there.    And...I used both 'quicksand' and 'quagmire' in one entry. Ha!