Somewhere Over Florida     I havent really had much time to take stock of whats been going on in my life this summer. Sure, I know Ive been thru lots of major changes. Grandmas passing has been tough on me, of course, but in the midst of all of that, some really wonderful things blossomed. I get going, trying to write stuff down and it all comes out icky, so I delete it, or dont even write it at all. I can hear every last one of my writing teachers and mentors screaming, nooooooo! Theyre always saying that you should just write, no matter how crappy. Anyhow, Im sitting on this flight back from Tampa, sitting next to what appears to be some oversized, overweight football coach from some rinky-dink college or high school. So far hes kept to himself, which is better than the lady sitting next to me flying down here. She apparently was illiterate, and couldnt see that her boarding pass was for the middle seat, not the window seat, which was supposed to be mine. But, she was old and I thought I should respect my elders, especially one with special needs. So, I sat in the middle next to chatty-Cathy from Charleston West Virginia, with her Appalachian accent, and with illiterate Betty on the other side. Soon, they found themselves involved in a discussion togetherright over my airspace. They served us this little rolls with a slice of turkey and wilted lettuce and they had those little bags of baby carrots instead of peanuts, which I thought was very creative. Todays flight, however, I didnt even get my own can of soda, much less a bag of peanuts. The catering standards on these flights vary wildly, apparently.    So, I have a few anxieties about flying into the remnants of Hurricane/Tropical Storm/Tropical Depression Isabel. It looks to have stalled-out over Cleveland, which means a harrowing landing once again into Hopkins Airport. It wont be my last, Im sure. The great thing about attending a conference for about 27 hours total is that you get to dart in and out, do all the fun stuff, and get home before youre miserable, bored, insane or some combination of all three. I helped plan this conference and I was the first to leaveha! However, I have to be back at work tomorrow morning for an open house event we have every year. So, this being the only flight to Cleveland today, I had to be on it.     I will be glad to get home this evening. Ill be able to relax for a bit. I am picking up Jeff and taking him to the airport tomorrow morning. Hes headed out to a work-related conference in New Orleans, which sounds way more fascinating and interesting than what I just attended, but he has to stay down there for five days. Bleh!