from Deanna (I'm still laughing)...  Subject: Cleveland Barbie Dolls   East side Orange Barbie : This princess Barbie is only sold at Beachwood. She comes with an assortment of Kate Spade handbags, a Lexus, a long-haired foreign dog named Honey and a giant mostly unoccupied house. Available with or without tummy tuck and face lift. Workaholic Ken sold only in conjunction with"augmented" version.   Pepper Pike Barbie : This trendy homemaker Barbie is available with your choice of Lexus SUV or Ford Windstar minivan. She gets lost easily and can be spotted on cell phone. Traffic jamming cell phone sold separately. Optional matching gym outfit.   East 55th Barbie : This recently paroled Barbie comes with a 9mm handgun, a Ray Lewis knife, a Chevy on rims with tinted windows and her own Meth Lab kit. This model is available after dark and can be paid for only in cash. Preferably small, untraceable bills. Unless you're a cop - then we don't know what you're talking about.   Lake Avenue Barbie : This yuppie Barbie comes with choice of a BMW sports car or a souped up Hummer 2. Included are her own Starbucks cup, credit card and country club membership. Also available for this set are Shallow Ken and Private School Skipper. But you can't afford them anyway.    Grafton Barbie : This model comes dressed in her own Wrangler jeans two sizes too small, a NASCAR shirt and has a tattoo of a rose on her shoulder. She has big hair, a six pack of Bud Light and a Hank Williams, Jr. CD set. She can spit over 5 feet and can kick Mullet-haired Kenny doll's ass when she's drunk. Purchase her pickup truck separately and get its Confederate flag bumper stickers absolutely free. This model can also be applied to Elyria, Brook Park, and Medina.   Warehouse District Barbie : This collagen injected, rhinoplastic Barbie wears a leopard-print ski outfit and drinks cosmopolitans while she entertains friends at the club. Percocet prescription available.   Coventry Barbie : This doll is made of actual tofu, has long grayhair and archless feet, sandals with white socks, no makeup and a mutt. She prefers that you call her "Willow."   Parma Barbie : This chain-smoking, brassy-haired Barbie has a pair of her own high-heeled sandals with one broken heel from the time she chased her beer-gutted boyfriend out of Club Dance. Her make-up is dark red lip liner with your choice of lips covered in a sparkly pink or no fill-in at all. Her ensemble includes low-rise acid-washed jeans with assorted colored G-strings that stick out the back and a white see-through halter-top. Accessories include: CD-player equipped with Bon Jovi and a rusty old Ford pick up.   Brunswick Barbie : This Barbie is the same model of Barbie that was released in 1982. She comes with shoulder pads, dark polyester skirt, white pantyhose, sneakers, and a bad haircut.