Unscheduled Pick-Up Services  or   Alley Shenanigans    This week, my detatched garage was burgled again. Before you get hugely alarmed, let me explain that I live in an urban area, and my garage sits off an isolated alley where lots of bored teenaged boys seem to congregate and think up plans to gain themselves riches at the expense of the neighbors who are lucky enough to own property that backs up to said alley.  So, my side door was crowbarred open, and my broken-down, piece-of-junk lawnmower was taken. Now, normally, I might be upset. However, since this past summer, I have been meaning to get rid of the lawnmower. The heap of metal and mechanics stopped functioning in late spring. I wasn't sure how one went about throwing out a lawnmower (it was definitely beyond repair). Well, it seems I don't need to worry about it now. Conveniently, it was removed from the premises without cost...well, except for the broken door which I need to fix.  Shortly after I got to my office this morning, I managed to find out that the proper disposal of heap-o-junk lawnmower might have cost me well over $250 in disposal and environmental fees. Hmm. So, you're telling me that if I can repair my door for less than that, the robber teenagers have actually saved me money?  Hmm.  Look, no one likes getting their stuff taken. It sucks. But maybe there really is a silver lining in this cloud. Yeah, I gotta fix the door...and getting that coordinated and paid for will take just as much time as taking the lawnmower to the dump, but at least I don't have to deal with going to the dump and shelling out $250 smackers.  In the meantime, I've moved my skis and a small handful of other minor valuables from the garage (including my car for now) in case the boys get any more bright ideas while I am getting the door replaced.  I have to commend the quick response of the Cleveland Police Department. Officer Jeff Swit was really great, taking down the basic information, encouraging me to install a particular type of door and promising to increase cruisers through the alley on all three shifts. This thirteen year veteran of the Ohio City beat made me feel immediately at ease.  It is so easy to get discouraged when things like this happen, but it makes me redouble my efforts to increase safety and awareness. I love Ohio City...it is my home and I deserve to live here without feeling terrorized and violated.   In the end, there are inherent risks about living in any given place. I chose to live in an urban environment and have never regretted my choice. I love my neighborhood. I also know that I need to remain vigilant, along with my neighbors, and do everything I can to keep my property and the entire community as safe as possible.  Just wanted to share my own tales of the city...