Where Birds Gather...  Part One:   First Ill Try Love   There was the immediate sense that something was workingand working well. Right off the bat, hed asked me to jump out of a plane with him. Of course, how could he know of my abject terror of rinky-dink planes and my Rain Man-like knowledge of aviation disasters? I was at once appalled and smitten. I was being served-up that one, glimmering opportunity where you meet the person youve been waiting to meet.  Here he was in front of me, not knowing the grueling number of dates Id been on in search of something a little more comfortable, a little more balanced and real. That didnt really matter, of course, but it was his easy manner and charitable warmth that gave him away. This was something different, something valuable. I could see it already, but could not verbalize my observationit was much too soon. There would be time.  The world was slowing down. Like an extended run on The Scrambler at the county fair, life had been whipped into a nauseating froth, a completely dizzying and complex cycle of months and hours that felt like months. Then, as I gradually slowed, my eyes trained on him. I remember him reaching toward me, but I couldnt stop the spinning then. I had to wait. And when it stopped, he was there for me, waiting to introduce himself.  I had seen him earlierbut I hadnt known it was him. He walked out onto the patio of a local bar with two of his softball teammates, and the room stopped. Everyone turned to get a good look. He was amazing, the kind of person who youd figure was way out your league. Besides that, he was probably one of those typical pretty-boys who spent too much time drinking designer vodka and dancing shirtless at those thump-thump dance clubs.  Whoever he was, he would take a back seat to the end-of-life process surrounding the death of my grandmother. There was nothing more important than honoring her life and her memory. There was work to be done on the inside, swollen with grief and sorrow. There would be reflection and a letting go that no one is truly prepared to undertake. I would wallow through all of this, the hard work of this, and he would be there, waiting and not certain how to support, let alone console, this person he hardly knew. And yet, he tried. And that was the miracle of him...and it spoke volumes.  I remember stumbling through the first dates, waiting for him to see the clutchy and hapless me. The one youd want to run away from. The person youd avoid calling, or youd call at home during the work day and safely leave a message saying how you didnt think it would work out. That guy never appeared. Instead, I remained distracted and coolnever worrying about what was going on between us. It allowed us time to breathe, to fit together.  We were already talking when it happened. The time had come in hospice, and Grandma was slipping away. I was consumed with caring for my nephew, trying to make his world as normal as possible, until the inevitable would break-in and change all of that. We shopped for toys, lunched on cheeseburgers and saw a matinee. He helped me pick out new tires for the car, exercising his passion for all things auto.  I was in the middle of a rather ambitious round of Monopoly with my 8 year old mini-mogul land baron when the telephone call came. She had stopped breathing. It was finally at an end. She slowed, quietly and softly into her last breath. I nodded as I processed the news into packets of details to be filed away. We would leave immediately and go to her, to be with the family, and to grieve with my mother who watched my grandmother exhale.   And somewhere between the tears, the abrupt end of Monopoly and consolation of an eight year old boyI too, stopped breathing.  -Todd Stuart