unpacking boxes  v 2.0  again, for Kelly   There is the undoing of an entire household. Separations, inventories and decisions...which objects are staying, and which will go to the next place. There are the tangible items, and even more, there are memories. The last time I spent any time at all in the basement, besides laundry, was a few years ago as Kelly packed up and moved a few miles away. It was as much a time for me to clean, discard, reorganize as it was for me to simply remember. Just thinking of all that's changed in three years since her departure has me reeling and dizzy with emotion.  I know this bittersweet feeling from once before...leaving college. And while I have tried to express what that last day felt like for me, I have never been able to find words. For me, it was a complicated web of emotions much to difficult and sweet to actually sort out. So I left it alone...neatly packed in boxes in my basement. Now...I'm opening them and wading through the flood.   We leave ourselves behind in pieces. Shards of history in dusty corners and under the sofa cushions. We leave bits of truth and scraps of lies in linen closets and under the sink in the bathroom. These are parts of a life unvisited, seen only by the landlord or cleaning crew long after departure.  I graduated University in late summer, long after my fellow friends and classmates in June. I spent my last weeks there relatively alone, pondering the future, pondering what everyone ponders when leaving someplaceleaving someplace significant. I think I was glad that shed gone, my roommate and close friend of many years. Like the rest, shed gone north to spend the summer with her family. Shed return at the end of summer quarter to help me pack up and clean. I would move home, she would move into another apartment and continue school.  I wasnt sure what came next, and I spent the summer thinking about it, trying to decipher my own personal mystery.  The trees, which lined East Frambes were old and fat with life, their canopy stretching nearly a mile uninterrupted. I walked to the end of the street where it intersected High and waited for the bus. Sometimes immersing myself in anonymity helped, helped me not to think too much. I watched the old ladies counting change and buttons in their coin purses. I watched black boys tease black girls and talk smack. I watched crazy men mutter to everyone and no one. I started talking aloud to myself, watching people watch me.  We passed the Short North galleries and pubs and all the pretty, happy wonderful peopleperking along the sidewalk, chirping to each other or into cell phones. They walk briskly in Kenneth Cole shoes and wear clothes the color of charcoal.  Sometimes Id just walk, walk for hours across campus or across town. I wanted to take all of it in before Id leave. I knew that once I graduated, Id be gone for a very long while. My four years had too many highs and too many lows for it not to be painful leaving, or to return. And, in all this aloneness, Id come to find a slow torture where everything became melancholic. Everything reminded me of something else. And yet, I couldnt turn away from itI had to steep in it, to understand every momentexperience it and catalog it for future reference. What once was a campus bustling with thousands of students was dark and quietserene.  I walked to Park Hall, my first residence on campus, and looked up at the eleven-story building, standing empty, and checked it off my list of good-byes.  The morning I graduated started on the floor, as my bed was already packed and shipped home. I readied for commencement and donned my cap and gown. I walked to St. John alone and took my place next to the other students in my linenone were even familiar to me.  I graduated alone in a sea of strangers, and met my family afterwards outside. As they took pictures and chattered about the occasion, my mind drifted to all the people and places I had come to know and loveall the things which would become part of my history.  We lunched at the Mohawk, my favorite bar and restaurant before heading back to my apartment to pack the last few armfuls of college detritus. Nothing felt right anymore. I didnt belong. This was not my home, and this was no longer my life.  I rode with my sister on the long drive home. I told her stories about my friends and the places we loved, I told her stories about everything I could remember. I told her stories hoping Id never forget the small things that made me love that part of my life. I arrived back at home with my family, filing my boxes away in the attic like lost treasure.  I still have boxes from that move. Even though Ive lived in two other homes, Ive never sorted through them all. They are rife with memories, rife with tears and sweet kisses long gone.  Years later, Im still unpacking boxes, sifting out my past and my present on the basement floor in front of me, spread out like a flea market. And I look in amazement wondering how I endured, wondering how it all shaped me, wondering if any of it matters at all...but I think I know the answer.   I look at these bits of me, taking inventory of my past, and of our recent lives together...relishing every moment. Until it's just me and the remnants of difficult, brave decisions scattered among the boxes...and jumbled memories...and the dust...  I walk up the stairs, shut off the basement light, and leave it all behind once more.