garons endommags (damaged boys)     twenty-seven    jump in the lake      He didnt know why it hit him just then, but Ben remembered it like he was back there, back in high school and pining. His stomach felt like it did then, knotty and tight, like he would vomit his affection for the entire world to see; and he could think of nothing more horrifying.  Ben remembered working at Hicksons the summer before his junior year at Kenston. Hed hated almost everything about it. Hicksons wasnt exactly just a gift shop; it was also an old-fashioned sweets shop, Christmas store and restaurant. It was a cluster of turn of the century farm buildings that had been converted into this odd assortment of shops. At 16, Ben was truly the lowest man on the totem-pole with duties ranging from push-mowing the 2.8 acres of grass, to washing the steps and cleaning the bathrooms.  Somehow, his first taste of real work didnt suit him, even though he was good at it. There were the women shoppers always gawking and clucking and chattering. There were co-workers, but none who did what he did. He was the heavy laborer as far as everyone else was concerned. He lifted and toted and reached things on the upper shelves. Once, hed managed to break a grotesque Royal Dalton mug of some sort. The faces bulged and stared out from the shelves until they were purchased.  When he started the job, he was trained by the person he was replacing, an eighteen year old senior named Wade. Wade went to school in the next town over, but Ben knew of him. He'd seen him on the soccer field, leading his team to victory, and running the long distance events for the track team. Wade diligently explained every last detail of the odd jobs that would be foisted on Ben. He told Ben that he was leaving because it was too difficult to find enough time for school, soccer and a part-time jobso the job had to go.  Wade stood just shy of six feet tall. He had nearly jet black hair which was cropped short. His frame was lean and defined; he sported an end of summer tan and a mouthful of perfect white teeth which would glint every time he smiled. Ben was instantaneously smitten, and while he did not yet understand that he was gay, he knew he was infatuated. He was as enamored as he was in the second grade with his summer camp counselor, Leif. Leif was gorgeous and tan and sweet and smelled of clean linen. Ben was seven and knew nothing of sex, but he wanted nothing more than to be with Leif, to sit next to him, and to love him as much a seven year old couldlike he loved his chocolate lab, Checkers.  Ben flushed, embarrassed. This was ridiculous. He was sixteen and had no use for elementary school crushes. But the more he tried to dismiss it, the more he wanted to be around Wade.  Ben rode his bike the three miles to work, and every day passed the subdivision where Wade lived. Now that the school year had started, Wade was busy with soccer and other extracurricular activities, living the most exciting life ever, Ben imagined. On more than one occasion, Ben rode his bike through the subdivision, hoping to catch a glimpse of him coming or going. Wades house was a large white colonial with new landscaping and a winding asphalt driveway leading up to the garage. No one ever seemed to be departing or arriving. In fact, it barely seemed a family lived there at all.  Eventually, Ben quit his job at Hicksons and his crush on Wade tapered off. After college, Ben heard that Wade had graduated with honors from the Naval Academy at Annapolis and was now stationed in San Diego, flying helicoptersand married.  There was this theme in his life, wanting the unattainableyearning for what could never be his, and it always stung, like it was new and fresh.  Ben walked down to the shore in the evenings after work, to think and to rearrange things in his mind. He walked along the edge of the gentle surf, lapping at his bare feet. Marcus was no different than any other crush or infatuation. He would never have Marcus, Marcus was impossible. There was no other option but to live next door and participate in this odd little friendship that was fragile and impenetrable.  Ben wanted to wash it away, rinse the residue of childishness, of unrealistic desire, of rejection. He removed his clothing and folded into a neat pile on the beach, ran into the lake and dove beneath the surface, where the quiet and the cold cleansed him, soothing past injuries, past foolishness.