That's showbiz, kid...   Nunsense...it's habit forming!    I spent most of last week with the touring company of Nunsense. The 20th Anniversary Tour features Darlene Love, Georgia Engel, Mimi Hines, Lee Meriwether and Kaye Ballard, all of whom were wonderful to work with. I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with Kaye Ballard, former Clevelander and big-time Broadway belter.  In case you don't know much about her, here's her bio:      KAYE BALLARD Instantly recognizable from her numerous television appearances (particularly her co-starring role with Eve Arden in the cult hit series, MOTHERS-IN-LAW), Kayes stage career includes starring roles on Broadway in THE GOLDEN APPLE, CARNIVAL, MOLLY and THE PIRATES OF PENZANCE, off-Broadway in Ben Bagleys DECLINE AND FALL..., OVER THE RIVER and her one woman show, HEY MA! and elsewhere in GYPSY, NUNSENSE and dozens more. Most recently she starred on tour in THE FULL MONTY, in the pre-Broadway tryout of QUARTET (a new play by Ronald Harwood) and as Mama Brice to all 15 Fanny Brices in the all-star concert version of FUNNY GIRL at the New Amsterdam Theatre, home of the original Ziegfeld Follies. Kaye also starred in many films, her favorite being Terrence McNallys THE RITZ. On recordings, Kaye introduced such standards as Lazy Afternoon, Fly Me To The Moon and Maybe This Time. She currently lives in Palm Springs with her three lhasa apsos, who arent the least bit impressed by any of it.   Over the course of our week together, we talked almost non-stop about theater, Broadway, the most incredible production of Follies  ever  that she co-starred in, and about family, history and our shared love of dogs. She is my new best friend. I was invited to her sister's home for an enormous luncheon for the cast and crew, which was as delicious as it was fun. Her sister has a veritable casino in the basement where I helped turn $5 into $40 at the slot machines.  But, I digress...  We met for breakfast on Saturday before my sojourn to Columbus. We exchanged addresses and phone numbers and made promises to stay in touch. She insisted that I come stay with her at her home in Palm Springs. How could I say no?! So, the week was a complete joy for me.  I ended up with a few more friends last week...and that's always like hitting the jackpot.      Dan Goggin directs Georgia Engel, Kaye Ballard and Lee Meriwether