(damaged boys)    thirty   finding Wyatt   Dear Wy,  It was like getting kicked in the stomach. I hadn't thought of you in over a year, and the sight of you brought it all flooding back to me. Dancing there in the club, thoughts of you swirled around my head as intoxicating as the alcohol. I saw you and you didn't see me, and I liked that. You had that gorgeous grin, your teeth a mouthful of Chicklets, and the tight white shirt clinging for its very life, stretched impossibly across your chest. I was laughing at you dancing, looking so goofy and sexy all at the same time, managing not to notice me even four feet away. But it was dark and flickery, the flash-flash-thump of the dancefloor and we all were twirling in and out of consciousness. We were both visceral and alive, and in our own worlds, separate.  I don't remember why we stopped talking, but I do remember first meeting you that day along the beach. It was one of those first days of the summer when the sun was high, and the warmth felt new and intriguing. I had taken Sophie for a walk, and you met us afterward, in the parking lot. You rode up on your bike, like some adonis, golden brown and smiling. I had that feeling like being kicked in the stomach, temporarily not able to breathe.   We chatted for an hour or so in the late afternoon sun, alternately playing with Sophie to break the tension of the first meeting and talking like we were somehow old friends. We had so much to talk about. Time passed and the sun began setting over the lake. We decided to drop off Sophie at home, and have dinner at the Mango, to keep talking, to keep figuring it out.    Afterward,  you took me on a walk around the old neighborhood, pointing out your childhood home and looking for a new place to rent. It seemed like we were both stalling, not wanting the evening to end. And that's how I remember everything with you...not wanting it to end.  Maybe we talked too much. Maybe we finished the conversation because, after a while, there wasn't anything new to say. I think you cleverly evaporated because you don't know how to do anything else when you get close to someone. I'm not really sure what happened, and I know you were wrong for me, but there I was at the club watching you. I had to ask myself why you seemed so compelling.   All at once, the music mixes into something I recognize, and I submit to the bass and the strobe. The pulse quickens and the world around me dissolves. I wish I could think of something to say. But we've said everything already, haven't we?  I am swallowed into a wall of dancing, writhing bodies, losing track of you completely. At night's end, you are nowhere to be found, and I pretend it all never happened.  But, I saw you. I felt something.  - Ben