Out View  Notes from the big gay closet...  Its too easy to be disengaged. Weve spent our lives being told to stay in the closet, to not ask and not tell,  and to otherwise not acknowledge our existence. Is it any wonder that inertia is the toughest battle we face as a community? We face violence and hatred. We deal with prejudice and homophobia. Why on earth would anyone want to speak up and be noticedor be counted for that matter?  No, this inertia is not perplexing to me. After all, its so much easier to be a part of the gay community when its convenient, like on the weekends at the clubs surrounded by hundreds of like-minded individuals. We want to feel good RIGHT NOWdancing, drinking, using and fuckingor hoping to do any number of these things.  Well, there is lots of fucking going onand were doing it to ourselvesby not standing up and making our voices heard. Once again, the gay community is poised to be marginalized and set off to the side. And we seem completely comfortable letting them steer this issue. But, we can be heard and understood. We look like them, and we are as educated and experienced.  We are everyday gays. We have careers, do community work, donate to charities, volunteer, go to churches and synagogues and mosques. We consume, we purchase and we develop brand loyalties. We have unrealized power and influence. We pay taxesa lot of them. We are expected to participate as citizens fully, sharing the financial burdens, but unable to access the benefits equally. If this doesnt INCITE you, what does?   Do your friends know you are gay? Does your family know? Does your employer know? If you answered no to any of these questions, you need to fix thatand fix it NOW. Come out, come out wherever you are! There is no way for the greater community to realize its full potential without the clarion call of YOUR voice. Yes, we need you. Yes, one more homo does make a difference. We need you now, more than ever, to be truthful to yourself and to others in your life.   I do not accept a destiny fated by conservative white men in our capitals. Chiefly, the Republican Party is responsible for supporting decades of oppression, suppression and fear of the gay community. It is undeniably ironic that a nation founded on the principles of religious freedom, freedom from persecution and on a separation of church and state finds itself in a decidedly Christian quagmire, wanting to dictate morals from a conservative Christian point of view. Does that piss you off? It should.   The time is now for personal activism. How do I do that? you ask? Do these things for yourself. Do them for your community. Do it to help combat rampant stupidity and hate:  1.	Write an editorial letter to your newspaper and use your real name. 2.	Join groups like HRC, the DNC, Stonewall Democrats and your local GLBT community center. 3.	Stay informed. Read the newspaper, listen to talk radio and watch the news.  4.	Get involved with community groups and make your voice heard. 5.	Teach others how to get involved. 6.	Accept nothing less than equality.  As a community, we are at a critical juncture, we can stand up for ourselves, put ourselves in harms way and fight a difficult battle for equality, or we can be continually bullied by government, the media and intolerant hate-mongers set on keeping us locked in a metaphorical closet. The time is now.   What will YOU do?