why i write/don't write...   When we all started this, years ago in my case, blogging was, for me, a simple way to write and to keep writing. Blogging was relatively unnoticed, flying under the radar of mainstream  anyone . What I loved was the sense that only people who had similar interests might stumble across the site. I didn't feel the pressure to produce or be "on" or to say anything in particular. As time progressed and more people started to blog and pay attention to blogs, I found it more and more difficult to say the things I wanted to say. Unextraordinary.com has always been a place where I felt safe saying almost anything...it was a place where I felt it was okay to be melancholy, provocative, silly, newsy and everything else. Maybe it still is, but I gotta tell you, it's weird sitting down to write anymore without thinking of the eyes out there reading...and I hate to think I've edited myself because of it. But, things change and I've had to adapt. I think I have been spending a lot of time trying to figure out just what the hell to do with this blog anymore.  Look, this has never really been an issues blog, nor has it delved into politics or anything of that nature. Sure, you have a sense of my leanings and my beliefs, but I refuse to become simply a site made up of other people's content...that's not what drew me to blogging. Sure, there will always be linkers and content-grabbers, as well as blog pundits and observers, that's just not me. I never wanted my blog to resemble anything close to a job, nor did I really want an audience of expectant consumers...I did that for awhile with 'unravel in 58' the ultra-personal look at the rise and fall of a dating relationship via exchanged emails, and also with the 'my big gay life' series. After a few months, I felt the near constant pressure to produce. It became overwhelming. I stopped writing. That's not good because, after all, this site was set up for me, first and foremost.  I know what you're thinking. You think all of us with blogs and websites must be completely egomaniacal, and maybe we are...a little, but I am not doing this to be noticed. I am doing it to participate in the process, to continue workshopping and developing my skill. This is not to tell you to hit the bricks. No. By all means, read away. I can't promise you anything. Nor should I. I can't promise you that I'll be here or that I'll always be honest. Some things gotta stay personal. In the meantime, I'll be off somewhere observing, thinking and having a life (which I do have, actually). Less time in front of a keyboard is good.    Absence makes the heart grow.