Hello ppl, This is a brand new day (when isn't it), not very original I admit(Whoopie Goldberg in Sister Act 2), but a brand new day anyhow.   If you've heard about the recent Massacare in Kashmir my Pakistani terrorists, and feel outraged, please drop a line to your respective head of state, please also feel free to drop me a line at  webmaster@india.4mg.com  Personally I think we should retaliate in kind, 10 for every one of ours is fair enough. If that does not stop 100 for one is even fairer. If I have some smart alec who says an eye for an eye will make the world go blind, I don't mean an eye for an eye, I mean  two  eyes for an eye, we are already half blind, lets blind them altogether.  A full fledged Pentium capable PC can be made under $200, using a netappliance called i-opener by  netpliance corp . This device originally runs a  Real Time OS called  QNX . Those who don't know what a real time OS is, please visit the QNX website and see their demo at  www.qnx.com .  Just how do u do this amazing thing, go to  www.linux-hacker.net/iopener/  for more details. Don't worry the machine does not run exclusively Linux as the website indicates. It runs others too (Windows, BeOS). By the way if anybody has a recent BeOS CD (The one I have is way too old) lying about and could take the time and expense to send it to me, I'd be very grateful. Email me for more details at  cpatnaik@email.com .   If you are the anti establishment kind, you may want to visit  www.2600.com/news/1999/1112.html  for lowdown on DeCSS. 2600.com is looking for mirrors for deCSS, (yep that's the DVD ripper). Though I fail to see, how encryption would have prevented piracy, one needs only to copy the disc.  In other news a Billionaire wants to start a net Univ for free read all about it on  wired   A long entry, as you'd have guessed this was done offline. What to do? Web is very expensive in this part of the world. ;) Cheerio, I really am hoping that they'd devise a way to update by email, and while they're at it also an offline client (I know know, totally contrary to the spirit of a blog, but no harm wishing it)