The next city in the current series is Allahabad. This city lies on the confluence of the three rivers the Ganges, the Yamuna and the Saraswati. However, if you pick up the Atlas, you'll see that there are only two rivers. What about the  third  river? Well! it is mythological. Yes that's right it's Mythological. it is reputed that the river Saraswati flowed there and due to some event (I don't remember what) it went underground out of shame. The rivers in India have been personified, that's how the shame factor comes into the picture.   Anyway back to the city, A nice city to live in. I did my class sixth and seventh here in different schools, namely the St Joseph's College and The Kendriya Vidyalaya, Manauri. After this city I've always studied in Kendriya Vidyalayas(Central Schools in Hindi). Amazingly there is nothing very remarkable about this city as far as modern times go. But this city is steeped in Indian Mythology. Lord Ram is said to have been here during his 14 years of forced exile. Another feature of this place, the roots of a Banyan tree which gives of leaves(you've got to see it to believe it), the very same Banyan tree is said to be several Millenia old and the British even tried to set it afire (out of plain old Malice)so that we'd lose this part of our heritage, but this tree survived and is said to be one of the largest trees in India.  There is also a tunnel which is said to go all the way from Allahabad to Delhi. People have tried to follow this tunnel but it ends due to a rockfall some distance inside. I was here during the infamous Babri Masjid (Mosque) Demolition. That was one shameful aspect of India's modern history, when a bunch of Hooligans decided to break down the Mosque. There was a lot of tension because of the demolition and the Army had to do Flag Marches and the like in certain localities to calm things down a bit. I was also here during the infamous Anti Mandal Commision riots. The riots took place because of the provision for reservation for the Backward classes in the Government jobs and other government owned and operated institutions. A lot of heartburn took place in this country because of that one man who was responsible for this. The amazing part is that man is alive and hopes to enter active politics again. (To dispel any confusion it was not Mr Mandal, But Prime Minister VP singh who actually implemented the commision report and is thus reviled for the reason).  I probably will never want to come back here again, simply because there is nothing to come back to.