...Mortensen, whose brave warrior knight Aragorn spends much of "The Two Towers" rallying the troops and leading them into battle against the forces of darkness, was wearing a homemade T-shirt with the slogan, "No Blood for Oil." Although he opposes the Bush administration's prospective invasion of Iraq, Mr. Mortensen said he wore the shirt to protest something that hit even closer to home  the interpretation he keeps hearing of the new movie, as both an allegory and an endorsement of the invasion.  ...for all the proto-multiculturalism of Tolkien's Middle-Earth, in the current climate it's impossible not to experience Peter Jackson's "Two Towers" as war propaganda of unnerving power.   urlLink "Lord of the Rings": lessons in disarmament  Gandalf argues that even the most corrupt may be reformed or at least play some constructive role in history, saying, "Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgment. For even the very wise cannot see all ends." To destroy the world's 'evildoers' would not destroy evil.   urlLink The Lord of the Rings as a Defence of the Freedoms of Western Civilization  (PDF) Saruman is a warning to those who are so certain we will win over our enemies because of our superior wisdom and strength. After all, aren't we the world's leader in tech-nology? Don't we have the most firepower? Isn't our economy still the strongest in the world? Saruman is also a warning to those who are willing to win at all costs  the end justifies any means. Following that road, we may in fact win, but only at the price of becoming our enemies.   urlLink Is bin Laden the Lord of the Rings?  So the administration dehumanizes the enemy, casting bin Laden as the dark prince of evil.  Ronald Reagan called the Soviet Union the empire of evil.  But at least he admitted that the Soviets had a political vision for which they waged cold war.  Bush dares not even go that far.  He can only call us to a war against Sauron and the evil forces of Mordor, a war with no end in sight.  If we believe in his mythic vision, we can not even begin to think about the political issues involved.    The shocking fact is that most Americans do seem to believe in it.  Have we watched too many movies pitting pure shining good against the mindless metaphysical principle of evil?  Is there a seamless infotainment web stretching from Lord of the Rings to the nightly news?