Fuck That Flag  A short story by the mutant.  This is a true story, or so I have been led to believe. It was told to the mutant by his friend "Jack". Jack related the story to me during our discussion of the mental illness we have all come to know as "flag worship".  I should mention that my friend Jack is an accomplished liar, given to exaggeration of details, so he may have made it all up on the spot.  Jack is a mechanic. He works for a company that owns a fleet of vehicles and heavy equipment. He keeps the machinery running and he likes his job. Jack is fighting terrorism his way.  A few days before the anniversary of 9/11, Jack was approached by his employer with a nice new American flag.  "Jack, I just bought a flag."  Jack peered at the nice new clean flag from beneath a layer of grease and dirt, "I am happy for you. What does this mean to me?"  "You are the mechanic," says the employer, in the way that employers do when what they are saying flys solidly into the face of logic. "Can you build us a flagpole?"  "Yeah, I suppose I could. But it will take time away from working on our vehicles. I am not doing this on my own time."  "Of course."  And so, Jack set off to build a flagpole. Jack is a mechanic mind you, he is not a flagpole engineer. He has other things to do, important things that generate income for his company. But he got on with it anyway.  Jack computed the availability of basic materials on hand, those that had to be purchased, the location selected for the pole atop the building, the size of the flag, how much time this project would detract from his regular cash-producing duties, lightning, low-flying aircraft, rabid bats, what he could get away with, and so forth. Based on these figures, Jack produced a flagpole atop the office. Old Glory fluttered in the breeze. Sighting it from the relative safety of his garage, Jack puffed with satisfaction on his Marlboro.  But all was not well my friends. No. For as we shall see, a horrible sickness began to take hold of the office workers.  In the vocabulary of flagpole engineers, people whose life work is the study of upright cylinders crowned with a loop of rope and and pulleys and the ability of said structures to loft a brightly colored cloth into high visibily, Jack's flagpole was 'half-assed', a first year student's attempt at an art form best left to professionals. The office dwellers complained to Jack that when there was little wind, a tiny bit of the drooping colors scraped against the roof, fraying the edge of the flag.  "It's not that bad," says Jack. "No one can see that, it still looks OK."  "It's a brand new flag. It has to come down until you make the pole higher," says the employer.  "That will cost more money and more time. An extension will have to be added to the pole. And I will have to build a new bracket."  "That's fine, do whatever you need to do."  And so Jack removed the flagpole from the roof, built a new bracket to hold an extension, and remounted the pole to the roof. Satisfied with his work, Jack returned to his garage to find something really greasy and dirty and profitable to work on.  The flagpole looked good, the office dwellers all agreed, and they cheered Jack's accomplishment, they glowed with patriotism, and the sickness, moved in with them.  "Jack, can you mount some lights under the flag so it can be seen it at night?"  "Who is that going to impress?" says Jack from behind a cloud of smoke that was once a flagpole-like cylinder of selected fine tobacco.  "What?" The sickness affects hearing first. "We should have lights shine on our flagpole. Can you do that?"  I'll kill this shit thinks Jack, "Yeah, but we should really have our electrician do that sort of work."  "That's OK."  "Is it? The electrician has to come out of the city. It will cost more time and more money."  The increasingly larger dollar signs had still not yet registered in the employer's brain, "Money is not the issue. Do whatever you need to do."  Jack contacted the electrician and an appointment was set. In the meantime, high winds during a storm broke the bracket and sent the top half of the pole, flag and all, crashing down to the roof. A mournful wail erupted from the sickened office workers. The peaceful nastiness of Jack's garage was once again shattered.  Jack's employer gave up on the whole project, by passing the responsiblity on to the office manager. By this time, the sickness was in full bloom. The office worker's need for the flag had grown beyond normal boundaries. It was the crack-pipe of patriotism, around which they all rallied. They needed more.  The office manager confronted Jack, "We want to erect a new flagpole. How soon can you get it up there?"  "Look, as long as we keep mounting it to the roof it's going to be a problem. We will have to weld it. Our welder will have to weld the poles and we'll have to mount it on the roof very securely. We are talking about a very difficult job, more money, more time, and it will continue to be a problem. We need to bail on this deal. This flag is a bad idea. It has been nothing but trouble."  The manager conveyed the news to the office workers, but the sickness was undeterred. They decided to instead erect the pole in the front parking lot. And they still wanted lights to shine up on the flag.  And so it was that Jack removed the flagpole and sought out the assistance of the welder, who is a marine corps veteran.  An interesting side-note, the welder is eighty years old, he was told by a gypsy fortune-teller when he was a child that he would die on his twenty-first birthday. This is no problem he thought, I just won't be anywhere dangerous on that day. But the welder was a marine, and as fate would have it, on his twenty-first birthday, he was face-down on the beach at Okinawa, with bombs and machine-gun bullets and parts of bodies flying all around him, and all he could think about was that fucking gypsy. He's done his part for his country. And now he has to deal with sick people who cannot begin to guess at what patriotism really is.  The welder agrees to help out, but new materials are needed. The poles Jack has been using on the roof won't do.  Being a veteran, he points out that if they erect a pole of this kind, the flag must be raised in the morning and lowered in the evening. It must then be folded into a triangle. And what's more, because the flag has touched the ground, it has been desecrated, and must be burned.  Jack thinks this is fine idea. Jack thinks that this is the best idea he has heard in a long time. Indeed, burning the flag, this flag, would give him a positive hard-on. His brain erupts in visions of the flag and the office building consumed with flames, workers running to and fro within, helpless, unable to escape, and himself, watching from his garage, reassembling a carburetor, whistling a happy gospel tune.  Jack is on his way to the trash burning spot with the flag in one hand and a can of kerosene in the other, the word goes out across the yard, and the crew rushes to stop him.  The welder goes on to explain that the flag cannot simply be burned in order to cast out the evil spirits. No. They must take the flag to the VFW Hall. There they will arrange a ceremony complete with uniforms, guns, a bugler to play taps, a chaplain, an altar, a pentagram, a virgin girl scout to sacrifice, and so on. Flag burning, as with flag ownership, and flag display, implies a lot of silly-assed rules and ceremonies so it seems.  The welder took the flag with him to the VFW Hall, so if you don't get the girl scout cookies you ordered this year, now you know why. Sickness takes a toll.  Soon thereafter, Jack is called into an office meeting. He stubbs his cigarette out at the door before entering, but he keeps it, unlit, dangling out of his mouth. Jack is particularly greasy today, approaching pure nasty. As he takes his seat among his co-workers, he is the portrait of someone who whose time is being wasted at faster-than-light speed.  "What is this all about? I'm busy," he grumbles.  "We need to decide who is going to raise and lower the flag," says the office manager.  "What flag?"  "This is important. We need to decide how this will be handled."  "Do I have this right? I had to stop working to come into a meeting to decide who will raise the flag that we do not have on the flagpole that we also do not have?"  The office manager can't take it anymore, "Can I see you in here for a moment?"  They go into a private office.  "Geez Jack, what are you a communist?"  "No. I am a nazi."  "Oh God, Jack, don't say things like that. People don't think that kind of talk is funny."  "Ja, I am really."  "Look Jack, it's just a little flag."  "No. If I have a little flag on a wooden stick," waving his unlit cigarette to demonstrate, "That is a little flag. You are holding a meeting for something that does not exist. I have a transmission scattered out across the garage in ten-thousand pieces that has to be reassembled and working to do a job at eight AM tomorrow that will make money for the company which is what we are all here to do."  "I get it, OK. Go."  And go he did. The manager returned to the meeting, "I don't know. I guess he's just un-patriotic..."  Indeed. I am Jack's complete lack of patriotism.  The sickness swept across the company, and with it now came the labels, "Jack is un-american. Jack is a communist. Must be a democrat. Child abuse, I heard. A satanist..." They just could not understand it. Why would anyone hate the flag so much?  Thou shalt have no other god before me. Unless it's the flag. Amen.  Jack is approached by his employer, who has quite wrongly determined that he can bring Jack back into the fold. Jack decides to snap his boss back into reality.  "How much money have you spent on this flag deal?"  "Well, the flag was a hundred dollars."  "And you have paid me over two days wages to deal with the flag."  The boss can't believe this, "It can't be that much." Sick people can't count.  "Go figure."  He did. The boss figures he has spent almost four-hundred dollars on a flagpole that he does not have, for a flag that he does not have. Isn't that special?  Now. The electrician. Remember the electrician? The electrician has arrived to put lights on the roof to shine up on the flag, the flag that isn't there, on the flagpole, that also isn't there.  Jack had fun explaining to the electrician that there was not, in fact, any flagpole, and that the flag had, in fact, been burned in some bizarre ritual at the VFW Hall. He also advised him that if these people didn't get a new flag soon there might be trouble, so he should watch his ass.  The office manager had fun trying to explain where the flagpole would be, and where the lights that will shine up on the flag will go. Since they did not know how high the pole would be, the lights had to be highly adjustable. He also asked the electrician to put a timer on the lights since it was determined in yet another office meeting that nobody wanted to be bothered to turn the lights on and off manually, let alone raise and lower the flag. Sickness causes laziness.  The electrician had fun presenting his estimate for the work that had to be done. And in descibing how much of the the lot must be dug up to install pipes to carry the wires to power the lights. No doubt, he also had fun telling his co-workers about these hillbillies he went out to give an estimate to that day.  Since the company had its own equipment for digging ditches, all the electrician had to do at this point was mark out where the pipes would be laid, avoiding gas lines, phone lines, and so on, and return when they were ready.  Enter the boss's idiot son.  The boss's son has never operated a ditcher. But since this work was on company property, now was his opportunity to learn. Are you getting ahead of me yet?  So he's running the ditcher. Once it starts it's pretty well automatic and only needs to be turned when neccessary. Jack and his co-workers note that the little boss is coloring outside the lines a bit.  "The line turns back there," Jack yells over the machine noise, "Don't you need to turn the ditcher now?"  "Yeah, I'm going to turn it over here, in a minute."  Jack knew better and walked over to the ditcher to turn it. Just then, there was a flash of light and a hell of a noise. Sparks and pipes and wiring shot out of the ditch.  The power goes out at the office, and the apartment complex next door, and the convienience store and the strip center nearby. The phones aren't working either. No cable tv. And all eight-hundred feet of the DSL fiber-optic cable, all the way back to the junction box, has been ripped out and wrapped around the ditcher's impeller.   Now, power and phone services are easy enough to repair, but the DSL cannot easily be fixed. The repairmen do not know where the pipes are exactly, so, for two weeks they dig ditches up and down both sides of the road looking for them. And then a few days more while they dry out the pipes with nitrogen.  Meanwhile, the company cannot do billing because the DSL is down, (don't ask me why). So, no money coming in.  The computer guy resorts to stealing the modem out of Jack's computer, the only one with a modem, to build a proxy and get everyone back online.  Once the crisis had passed, Jack inquired of his employer what the situation with the flag was. Jack is funny that way.  "Fuck that flag," the boss said.  It is estimated that the company was now into the flag for over three-thousand dollars.  Three-thousand dollars. For a flag they didn't have. On a flagpole they also didn't have.  Is there a point to my story? Well, fuck if I know, you people expect a lot when you click that little mouse don't you?  We were talking about sickness. When illness stikes, the body tries to expell it however it can. Sneeze it out, cough it out, sweat it out.  The mental illness of "flag worship" is different. Only a really good beating will get it out of your system.  Well anyway, that's Jack's prescription.  ---The Happy Ending---  Jack was going through some old toolboxes and found a set of stickers. He went through the office passing them out.  "One for you, and one for you..." he sang as he went along.  He reached the office manager with the last one, "And one for you..."  "All right! I know just where to put it," said the office manager, slapping the American flag sticker on the side of his computer monitor. "That's great!"  Indeed it was. And pretty strange behavior for a communist too, don't you think?