urlLink The Google Conspiracy   "Young, stupid script kiddies and many bloggers still think Google is "way kool," so by now Google enjoys a 75 percent monopoly for all external referrals to most websites. No webmaster can avoid seeking Google's approval these days, assuming he wants to increase traffic to his site. If he tries to take advantage of some of the known weaknesses in Google's semi-secret algorithms, he may find himself penalized by Google, and his traffic disappears. There are no detailed, published standards issued by Google, and there is no appeal process for penalized sites. Google is completely unaccountable. Most of the time they don't even answer email from webmasters."   Yes indeed, most of the traffic on my website comes from Google searches, this is a bad thing? I don't have to beg Google to include my website in search results, and I don't have to include meta-tags to describe the content of my website, and Google doesn't try to pigeon-hole my website into a specific category. I make an update to my site and Google knows it, generally within hours, in short, Google bases it's search results for my website on what I have said, the content, the words, the phrases, rather than something else, so, at the risk of being redundant I will ask you again, is all this a bad thing?  Now, as I see it, the only people who would not appreciate the fact that my website outranks their own would be people with something to sell. Goodness me, my discount used gasmask website is being outranked by a weblogger, that can't be right can it? That's just unpatriotic. Yes, it can, and it probably is. I had something current to say about gasmasks, your tired old static content cannot compete. (I am talking about gasmasks right now, Google will see this, cache it, and add it to search results for gasmasks. Do you get it?)   "There are no detailed, published standards issued by Google..."  Try including some current news about your gasmasks, with some outside linkage (get a blog dummy), use 'current event' words and phrases and news related to what you are selling, use Blogdex, use Daypop, use your brain, get some friends to link to you, be a meme-whore, then Google will stand up on it's hind legs and speak for you, that's the trick, that's the only trick that Google-dog knows. Popularity can be a good thing. People don't like static websites, I don't anyway, and in my observation, neither does Google.  I wish I had something to sell on this website, I'd be doing pretty well thanks to Google...  Of course, you could, God forbid, pay Google to put your website at the top of their search results page. I realize that just by mentioning payment for search referrals I have opened a quantum vortex that has caused the assholes of webmasters to pucker-up all over the solar system, and I apologize for the inconvenience. Oops, I did it twice didn't I?   "Google penalizes webmasters who take advantage of their algorithms."  Who gives a rat's ass? The guilty will be punished. For example. There is a javascript available from  urlLink here , that allows referrers to your website to be linked on your page, it's pretty cool. I installed this at the bottom of my webpage. A few days later I discover that I have lots of new friends, most of my referrals are now coming from porn sites who have nothing to do with my site, they are all just taking advantage of my little script. So sadly, the script had to be removed. Long story short, no one likes being taken advantage of. Not this little grey mutant.  Besides all that. I have to laugh. I do, I'm fucking sorry. What kind of idiot other than the "Make A Vast Fortune At Home Selling Porn And Viagra On The Internet" variety would concern themselves with Google's secret algorithms? I mean, there is no vast fortune to be made on the Internet, I know that for a fact, I did a search for it on Google, I hit the "I'm feeling gullable" button, and I didn't find a damn thing.   Google enjoys a 75 percent monopoly for all external referrals to most websites...  What you fail to mention here is that this massive number of referrals are very likely generated by a minority of users. We are busy mammals, but we are few. Do you think most people even know that they can change Internet Explorer's search page from MSN to anything else? Do you think most people even know that they can change Netscape's search page from Netscape to anything else? What do AOL users search with? Earthlink users? Do you think that Grandma even knows that Google exists?  Now. Maybe I just don't see the big picture. Maybe Google is a New World Order storefront, rife with ex-spooks who want nothing more than to use our webpage viewing habits against us? Today veblogs, tomorrow ze verld...  But I am a very practical mutant, Google likes me, likes my weblog, so I like Google.  urlLink Kiss kiss...