urlLink "Gas, gas, gas!"    When training to use a gas mask, those words set pulses and students racing.    15, 14 . . . the seconds tick off.   Hold your breath. Rip open the green Velcro pouch.   13, 12 . . .   Grab the gas mask. Yank it out. It slides out cleanly, thankfully.   11, 10, 9 . . .   Press the rubber seal against your face. It feels cool. Don't breathe yet.   8, 7 . . .   Reach for the elastic head straps. Where are they? Something's stuck. The strap's hung up . . . doggone it.   Can I try that again?   urlLink Gas Mask Frenzy Grips US  Sales of gas masks are soaring in New York as panicked residents rush to protect themselves from a chemical attack and anti-aircraft missile batteries are set up in Washington.   urlLink Gas Mask or Eyeglasses?  Reporters slated for "embedded" war coverage in Iraq who wear eyeglasses (probably a fair number of the total) have to surmount one obstacle others don't have to deal with. The basic M40 General Purpose Mask designed to protect them from chemical and gas attacks apparently fits so snugly they have to remove their glasses before they strap them on.   urlLink Man arrested for driving van in a gas mask  A man has been arrested in South Dakota for driving a white van on a motorway while wearing a gas mask. Highway police stopped the man in Buffalo Ridge after other motorists raised the alarm. Officers, who had their weapons drawn, handcuffed the man and searched him and his vehicle.   urlLink Sword, Guns, Gas Mask Found In, Near Man's Car, Police Say    urlLink Gas mask fans banned from football matches  Middlesbrough fans have been labelled "Smoggies" by their Premiership rivals in the North East and some supporters have even worn gas masks for games at the Riverside Stadium. But the club, who face Newcastle United tonight, have banned fans from wearing masks or chemical suits. Middlesbrough spokesman Dave Allen said today: "These suits can incite crowd trouble. Given the world situation we feel they are particularly inappropriate."   urlLink The Kuwait 'street'  Some of that bitterness percolates around the public security recommendations. Poorer workers do not have an extra room to seal off - in fact, some local fishermen said they live with three or four other people in 12-foot by 9-foot dorm rooms. Several people I spoke with believe a rumor that only Kuwaitis are being given masks by the government. In fact, the government has only issued masks to military personnel. And some civilian Kuwaitis agree that the masks should be free for all.