urlLink AONN is an UNHOLY PROGRAM of PURE EVIL  Can someone say: "Trained Covert Assassins GONE AWRY?" Unholy isn't even a good word for this black ops project. These gents are working with the forces of darkness for sure...   urlLink Dude, c'mon  ...if you're going to try to pull off some faux-Illuminati, "covert ops" BS, don't put your real name and address on your DNS contact info then stick it all over message boards. Clue in, my black ops friend.   urlLink DSIN (Defense Security Intelligence Network)  "Our core mission is to defend Americas streets and communities in areas where there has been little or no oversight, isolate and defeat terrorists domestic and foreign who are operating both in and out of cyberspace, expose corruption and extremely difficult to identify threats to the national security while implementing countermeasures to such, create new laws through legislation to protect citizens, penetrate what have traditionally been nearly impenetrable networks, and reform by means of altering previously criminal and anti-American ideologies." ( urlLink via Abuddhas Memes )   urlLink Feds pull suspicious .gov site  Access One Network Northwest (AONN), a self-described cyberwarfare unit claiming to employ more than 2,000 people and had the support of the U.S. Department of Defense. No federal agency called AONN appears to exist, and no agency with that name is on the official list of organizations maintained by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology.   urlLink Politech: More on AONN.gov: Feds pull plug on "cyberwarfare" .gov site  In spite of those who know not the truth, may they be baffled to learn such...   urlLink Oh FUCK, it's a hip-hop label?  AONN Records is like one of those Sci-Fi stories where everything was falling apart, but a few pulled together, and at night, in the cold dark, by torch and firelight, erected a network. Well, this is a super network. We've created a new kind of network with the help of some of the most brilliant computer scientists and engineers on the West Coast.  -- Whoop-tee-fuckin-doo. But it's a hip-hop label, right?  In spite of those who know not the truth, may they be baffled to learn such...