Prisoners may get a new twist on being put "in the hole"... courtesy of private enterprise and "faith-based initiatives".   urlLink Rehabilitation center proposed at SSC  Waxahachie county and city officials last week met with representatives of a faith-based work ethics organization about the possibility of turning the Superconducting Super Collider property into a rehabilitation center for criminal offenders.  ...talks with Dallas-based Corrections Concepts Inc./Born Again Corp. (yes, take a few minutes to laugh and then continue reading) are in the very preliminary stages and that its not yet time for everybody to go home and get their guns.  Corrections Concepts Inc./Born Again Corp. would convert the property into an enclosed compound and would receive inmates from other places. There, the prisoners, all of whom would be nearing the end of their sentenced incarceration, would manufacture widgets.   urlLink Faith-based rehabilitation  Corrections Concepts Inc., the entity from Dallas that is exploring the possibility of turning the former Superconducting Super Collider site into a religious-based rehabilitation center for prison inmates, has been lobbying for years to convince policymakers at every level that recidivism rates would be vastly reduced if willing criminal offenders were taught a marketable skill and offered spiritual guidance.  Offenders would be required to sign a contract promising full participation in the program, with one exception. Inmates would not be required to attend group worship services, Bible classes or the like.  Differences in religious practice would be accommodated without discrimination, hostility or interference. Every employee would be a born-again Christian." (do I really need to comment here?)   urlLink Court to hear CCI proposal  The habilitation centers as CCI calls them would serve minimum/medium-security inmates nearing the end of their incarceration by teaching them a marketable skill and giving them experience in it; allowing them to earn money for savings, spending, family support and victim restitution; and guiding them with Christian concepts.  Prisoners who violate the terms of their participation would be sent back.  Other proposals for the SSC have included... a  urlLink Counter-Terror Training Camp  Once the tunnels are excavated, they would make ideal models for soldiers training for battle in cave networks. They could also be used for training police and fire officials who might need to practice maneuvers inside situations like sewer systems or subway tunnels.