urlLink Quantum wormholes could carry people  All around us are tiny doors that lead to the rest of the Universe. Predicted by Einstein's equations, these quantum wormholes offer a faster-than-light short cut to the rest of the cosmos - at least in principle. Now physicists believe they could open these doors wide enough to allow someone to travel through   urlLink Our Conscious Mind Could Be An Electromagnetic Field  The theory solves many previously intractable problems of consciousness and could have profound implications for our concepts of mind, free will, spirituality, the design of artificial intelligence, and even life and death...   urlLink X-Files: Science Fact or Fiction?  This is where we leave our hero and heroine, heading into their final small-screen adventure, with a baby that could be not entirely human, a mysterious black oil virus possibly floating around the universe and some honked-off aliens.   urlLink Planet is running out of time  Britain will today launch its strongest attack on George Bush's rejection of the Kyoto climate protocol, as the government warns that Washington's actions threaten to make the planet "uninhabitable".   urlLink Space Weapons For Earth Wars  ...for those looking for a celestial "big whopper" of a weapon, how about using natural meteoroids? Good-sized fireballs of metal could be sent to Earth, aimed at targets of choice. These impactors leave a nice crater. Better yet, they leave no radioactive debris.  Hey yeah...  Bombed you? No, we don't know anything about it. It was a natural disaster, an act of God you know?   urlLink Online News Stories that Change Behind Your Back  "Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past."   urlLink Either It's BS Or We're All Going To Fucking Die  Maybe it's really difficult to buy a nuclear weapon... Or maybe it's easy and we?re all going to fucking die.   urlLink Cosmic catastrophe 'a certainty'  ...many of the great extinctions that regularly punctuate the Earth's history are consistent with being caused by a devastating influx of radiation from space.   urlLink Mutant viruses order quantum dots  A three dimensional grid of quantum dots created and held together by genetically-engineered viruses could enable a new generation of computer displays, memories and even nanoscale computer chips.   urlLink "Robo-rat" controlled by brain electrodes   The age of the living robot is upon us. And all it takes to turn a living rat into a radio-controlled automaton is three electrodes carefully placed in the animal's brain. Simply pressing keys on a computer 500 metres away will then steer the animal over an obstacle course, making it twist, turn and even jump on demand.