urlLink Closest encounter reported between asteroid, Earth  If it had hit Earth it probably would have broken up in the atmosphere. Its shock wave could have been strong enough to break windows on the ground, but nothing like the disastrous climate-changing effects that could result from the impact of an asteroid more than a half-mile in diameter...   urlLink Asteroid could have wiped out a city  "If it had struck the Earth it would have created a crater some 300 metres in diameter. The blast force would be the equivalent of a small nuclear device. That could have wiped out a city, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties."  ...an object of similar size fell to Earth in 1908 in Siberia, flattening 2,000 square kilometres of forest.  June 2002...   urlLink Space rock's close approach  "...if an asteroid were to approach close to an imaginary line joining the Earth and the Sun it would never be visible in a night-time sky and would be quite impossible to discover with normal telescopes. Its arrival would come, literally, as a bolt from the blue."   urlLink Largest asteroid in years misses Earth  "It's a good thing it missed the Earth, because we never saw it coming. The asteroid wasn't discovered until three days after it passed its closest approach to our planet."  July 2002...   urlLink Hunt for Potentially Deadly Asteroids Underfunded  Such funding could be used to first locate and track asteroids and comets, and later to find ways to defend Earth against the threats and eventually to use the space objects for the benefits of the Earths population...   urlLink Asteroids 'could trigger nuclear war'  The risk is seen as particularly grave if an asteroid blast were to happen in areas of military tension, such as over nuclear-armed neighbours India and Pakistan.   urlLink Businessman offers cave shelter from asteroid  "Children free. One week's food and lighting included."   urlLink Scientists Call Asteroid Hype Unethical Rubbish  ..."the British press just love these stories, but is almost never 'doom-and-gloom,' rather 'let's have a good time as long as it lasts!' It's a very dry, yet healthy sense of humor that can see the funny side even of the most serious problems we face as humans. The problem with many Americans is they lack this light-heartedness."   urlLink Just a Bunch of Asteroid Holes  We considered keeping (the asteroid discovery process) all under wraps. But then the conspiracy nuts would have come out of the woodwork. Not that they haven't anyway.  August 2002...   urlLink Ready to tackle Armageddon  The idea is that the mission would tell scientists how hard they would have to hit a real rogue asteroid heading for Earth in order to deflect it safely.   urlLink Cosmic airbag could save the planet  A blast would risk splitting an asteroid or comet into dangerous fragments that would still head for Earth. It would be far better to send spacecraft to fly alongside the threatening object and inflate a giant bag, using gas produced by a chemical reaction. The spacecraft would then push the bag against the asteroid.  October 2002...   urlLink Humans to Mars as Priority  ...human exploration is the key to the future of the human race. Data regarding asteroid impacts and the threat from super volcanoes are worries for humanity. We should be running scared in exploring the solar system with human beings. We should be running fast.  November 2002...   urlLink UK withdraws 'dirty' bomb warning  A 'dirty bomb' terror warning issued by the British government has been withdrawn -- just 30 minutes after it was released.   urlLink False alarms and early warning systems  ...India and Pakistan are not yet in a hair-triggered situation, i.e., they do not have missiles loaded with nuclear warheads ready to be launched at a moments notice. However, this situation may well change in the years to come and the potential for nuclear war would increase tremendously. This would not necessarily be because someone intentionally decides to launch a nuclear attack on the other nation; it may be more likely to happen because an accident  such as misidentifying an asteroid impact as a nuclear explosion  could trigger off nuclear war.