February 2002....   urlLink When the Army Owns the Weather  ...news that the government is engaged in secret experiments to control the weather should come as no surprise - especially after a long history of "cloud seeding," "atom splitting" and cloning revelations. The grid patterns of jet chemtrails now spotted throughout the Western world are likely the application of these technologies to new military and civilian uses.  The military is not attempting to hide its long-term goals.  urlLink "Weather is a Force Multiplier: Owning the Weather in 2025"  is a white paper that can be found on a Pentagon-sponsored website.  ...weather-modification is a force multiplier with tremendous power that could be exploited across the full spectrum of war-fighting environments. From enhancing friendly operations or disrupting those of the enemy via small-scale tailoring of natural weather patterns to complete dominance of global communications and counter-space control, weather-modification offers the war fighter a wide-range of possible options to defeat or coerce an adversary.  But, while offensive weather-modification efforts would certainly be undertaken by US forces with great caution and trepidation, it is clear that we cannot afford to allow an adversary to obtain an exclusive weather-modification capability.  June 2002....   urlLink Climate 'future health threat'  Outbreaks of human malaria, butterflies beset with parasites, disease-stricken corals, and trees overgrown with fungus.  That is the gloomy picture of tomorrow's planet painted by scientists in the United States.   urlLink Climate change linked to disease epidemics  A warmer world is in all likelihood going to be a sicker world for everything from trees to marine life to people, according to a new report by a panel of US scientists. But opponents remain unconvinced there is sufficient evidence to support the conclusion.  October 2002....   urlLink Tree farms won't halt climate change  CarboEurope's researchers have discovered that when ground is cleared for forest planting, rotting organic matter in the soil releases a surge of CO2 into the air. Countries will be able to claim carbon credits for the forests. But that won't reflect what is happening in the atmosphere.   urlLink 1987, After the Warming  James Burke takes us into the future to see what could have been done in the 1990's to slow the Greenhouse Effect. Using a device called the "virtual reality chamber" Burke guides us through scenarios of global warming in the year 2050, simulating the future based on today's actions.   urlLink 1990, Mediawatch, 'Future Schlock'  The show began with a mock newscast: "By 2005,  urlLink forty million  are dead of starvation....epidemics rage in New York; toxic waste spills throughout  urlLink Europe ; evacuation is ordered from  urlLink New Orleans ; greater temperatures are still to come."  Meanwhile, PBS refuses to air  urlLink The Greenhouse Conspiracy , a devastating critique of the science of global warming theory. PBS officials have dismissed the acclaimed British documentary as "too one-sided."  "It may not quite add up to a conspiracy, but certainly a coalition of interests has promoted the greenhouse theory: scientists have needed funds, the media a story, and governments a worthy cause. And beyond that, is it the millennium that encourages notions of an apocalypse,  or simply that in a world without belief we need a catastrophe to give us something to believe in ; where for once, in a battle between nature and humankind,  we can line up on the side of good against the forces of evil. "  January 2003....   urlLink Weird Weather Plagues Africa  ...something has gone haywire in the cosmos. The weather patterns, they say, no longer form patterns.  ..climate experts say the "extreme weather events" that have plagued countries like Lesotho in recent years are remarkably consistent with predictions for a warmer world.  April 2003....   urlLink Climatologists give waterworld warning for Earth  While some delegates were still reeling from the catastrophic floods that hit the continent in August 2002, others warned that the risk of future flooding has been vastly underestimated. And studies of past episodes of climate change suggest that a wetter world may be not only a consequence of global warming but a trigger for further, more dramatic temperature rises.  July 2003....   urlLink Reaping the whirlwind  In an astonishing announcement on global warming and extreme weather, the World Meteorological Organisation signalled last night that the world's weather is going haywire.  August 2003....   urlLink The High Life  Do bugs control our weather? Can viruses travel thousands of miles on the winds? Is there a whole ecosystem up in the clouds that we have not discovered? The answer to all three questions could be yes, according to scientists who are exploring the microbial metropolises in the skies.  ...whatever the possible motives for bacteria to make clouds, one practical spin-off of their skills is that scientists might develop more efficient "organic" methods of seeding clouds, using bacteria instead of chemicals.   urlLink The Shield Project  Correcting the ecological damage that mankind has done has NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE. We are relatively new to this notion of terraforming on a real scale. That is what we are doing, Terraforming. We are trying to recreate the ideal life-sustaining conditions on a dying planet. We have never done this before, not intentionally.   urlLink Global warming a weapon of mass destruction  Human induced global climate change is a weapon of mass destruction at least as dangerous as nuclear, chemical or biological arms, a leading British climate scientist warned.    John Houghton, a former key member of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, said that the impacts of global warming are such that "I have no hesitation in describing it as a weapon of mass destruction."  December 2003....   urlLink Global Warming Killing Thousands  Climate change, linked by scientists to human emissions of gases such as carbon dioxide from cars and factories, is causing more frequent floods and droughts and melting ice caps.  February 2004....   urlLink Fortune Magazine: The Pentagon's Weather Nightmare  ...an unclassified report, completed late last year, that the Pentagon has agreed to share with FORTUNE. It doesn't pretend to be a forecast. Rather, it sketches a dramatic but plausible scenario to help planners think about coping strategies. Here is an abridged version...  At first the changes are easily mistaken for normal weather variation?allowing skeptics to dismiss them as a "blip" of little importance and leaving policymakers and the public paralyzed with uncertainty. But by 2020 there is little doubt that something drastic is happening.  The changes relentlessly hammer the world's "carrying capacity", the natural resources, social organizations, and economic networks that support the population.  As the planet's carrying capacity shrinks, an ancient pattern reemerges: the eruption of desperate, all-out wars over food, water, and energy supplies.   urlLink Major Media Finally Gets It  After years of writing about how sudden climate change could be triggered by a change in the Gulf Stream?and being totally ignored by the major media?the big news organizations are finally starting to "get it." This week, Fortune Magazine and The New York Times both wrote about upcoming weather changes, due to global warming.   urlLink Now the Pentagon tells Bush: climate change will destroy us  Climate change over the next 20 years could result in a global catastrophe costing millions of lives in wars and natural disasters..  A secret report, suppressed by US defence chiefs and obtained by The Observer, warns that major European cities will be sunk beneath rising seas as Britain is plunged into a 'Siberian' climate by 2020. Nuclear conflict, mega-droughts, famine and widespread rioting will erupt across the world.   urlLink Will We Tame The Climate Or Will It Finally Tame Us  ...abrupt climate change of this kind may have been the driver of the evolutionary process that eventually produced a species capable of worrying about global climate change.   urlLink William H. Calvin  ...we may not have centuries for acquiring wisdom, and it would be wise to compress our learning into the years immediately ahead. We have to discover what has made the climate of the past 8,000 years relatively stable, and then figure out how to prop it up.