urlLink June 2004...The Beginning Of The End?  Bush Country promised our readers several weeks ago we would post the last email from an individual who has stumbled across "possible" disturbing events. Although the information in this article points to "apocalyptic" events within a month's time frame, unless the Anti-Christ is revealed to the entire world in June, we believe they will not occur.   You want to know what will happen?...read the above posts. You don't believe me?...YOUR problem! YOU have brains...USE THEM....as I've encouraged you all to do all along!!! READ THE BLOODY SIGNS>>>>>>>but no...some remain flaming BLIND!!!! because they WANT TO. Wont change a thing. I am screwed now...cats out of the bag now...I am who I am....and who gives a ____. IM BLOODY ANGRY!!!!! DO you people have ANY BLOODY IDEA at ALL what it has been like for myself and others who have known about this for BLOODY TWO DECADES!!!!!!!! But no...WELL BUGGER IT ALL!!!!!!  ( urlLink via )   urlLink 'Impact' Story Fairy Tale - 'Aussie Bloke' Is A Bad Joke  Next week- perhaps we'll get to hear about aliens that just happen to closely resemble the goldfish-bowl-helmeted CGI aliens from "Mars Attacks !" will be landing in Washington. Just to clean up the bushwackers. One can only hope...stay tuned.      All one can say about Aussie Bloke...is that he may be "the turd that won't flush..." and keeps surfacing again and again....  ( urlLink via )   urlLink Group takes credit for Aussie Bloke 'Blind Skies'  BLIND SKIES began with an idea. The now-legendary  urlLink SNOWBALL INTERCEPT  provided the impetus we had been looking for, the final piece of a puzzle that had been confounding us for the past 14 months. It was the perfect backstory for a disaster scenario that would be easily accepted.   BLIND SKIES is not, as many have claimed, a PSY OP. Although we have an affiliation with the government, our mandate was not intended to be any sort of disinformation campaign, mass brainwashing, or subliminal manipulation. We conducted a serious experiment to study the panic reflexes of a virtual community, and quite frankly the experiment ran away from us. AUSSIE BLOKE has now become our Frankensteins Monster.    urlLink Snowball Intercept  A supposed intercept of a U.S. military SSB radio transmission on 26 January of this year referred to a mysterious "countdown" to an unnamed event which will occur around June 19 or 20 of this year.   If one was truly paranoid, they would look at the combination of the two events and synthesize that "Hey, something is causing governments all over the world to act like they know something very bad is about to happen to the whole planet and they are looking for caves (or building underground bases) to be ready to survive whatever it is that is coming (in June).