Deadly Sins  ANGER 1.  Who did you last get angry with?   I guess I would have to say Chris Payne.  He was acting very out of character last Saturday night. 2.  What is your weapon of choice?   First choice is words, second choice is the fist. 3.  Would you hit a member of the opposite sex?   Under 99.99% of circumstances, never.  The only reason I would ever hit a female would be to protect someone.  In all reality, I would probalby just hold them back if possible. 4.  How about of the same sex?   Of course I would rail on a dude.  Dudes are made to be hit. 5.  Who was the last person who got really angry at you?   Jamie.  Kids say the darndest things. 6.  What is your pet peeve?   When people bite their fork.  It sounds like nails on a chalkboard and it seems so trashy. 7.  Do you keep grudges, or can you let them go easily?   It depends on who it is against.  If it is with someone I am close to, it is usually quickly resolved.  Against someone I do not know well or do not like, it can last indefinitely.  SLOTH 1.  What is one thing you're supposed to do daily that you haven't done in a long time?   Use my teeth whitener.  All those years of drinking nothing but coffee and Diet Coke did a number on them. 2.  What is the latest you've ever woken up?   5 PM.  I once pulled an all nighter and ended up going to bed around noon. 3.  Name a person you've been meaning to contact, but haven't?  Hmm, my maternal grandmother.  4.  What is the last lame excuse you made?   Not really an excuse, but just tonight Megan and I were at Borders.  There was a book called  Why Paint Cats  (yes, it's as weird as it sounds).  She actually bought a book called  Why Cats Paint  for her dad, so I said that this must be a sequel thus she must buy it. 5.  Have you ever watched an infomercial all the way through (one of the long ones...)?    Never.  I don't watch TV, other than  urlLink 24 . 6.  How many times did you hit the snooze button on your alarm clock today?   I didn't.  I don't need an alarm clock anymore.  When I quit drinking caffeine, my sleep requirements went from 8.5 hours a night to just about 5 hours a night. 7.   How many times have you skipped work/classes this month?   Since I have a completely flexible work schedule, I cannot techincally skip work.  I think I've skipped two classes total.  GLUTTONY 1.  What is your overpriced yuppie beverage of choice?   SoBe green tea...   drool... 2.  Meat eaters: white meat or dark meat?   White meat. 3.  What is the greatest amount of alcohol you've had in one sitting/outing/event?   Probably about 14 drinks in a single evening. 4.  What's the most you've ever weighed?  188, the weight I am at now.  Ever since I started working out almost every day, I've gained about 10 pounds.  Hopefully I've actually lost some fat and gained more than 10 pounds in muscle. 5.  What have you eaten so far today?   Breakfast was a bowl of cereal, a bagel and a can of mixed fruit.  Lunch was a veggie sub from Jimmy John's.  Afternoon snack was crackers with peanut butter and jelly.  Dinner was another sub, this time a ham one from Potbelly.  I am sure I will eat the equivalent of another meal before I go to bed.  Working out has dramatically increased my metabolism. 6.  When was the last time you ate so much you felt sick?   The last time I got two subs from Jimmy John's after working out.  My stomach couldn't handle it, but my body was craving nutrients. 7.  When was the last time you got drunk to the point of throwing up?   That time I had 14 drinks in an evening.  Playing poker with the guys and going shot for shot isn't a good call.  LUST 1.  How many people have you seen naked (not counting movies/family)?   3 plus naked mile plus however many people were on the wrestling and football teams in high school 2.  How many people have seen YOU naked (not counting physicians/family)?  3 plus the teams 3.  Have you ever caught yourself staring at the chest/crotch of a member of your gender of choice during a normal conversation?   Yes. 4.  Have you "done it"?    Yes. 5.  What is your favorite body part on a person of your gender of choice?   Eyes. 6.  Have you ever been propositioned by a prostitute?   No. 7.  Have you ever had to get tested for an STD or pregnancy?   No.  GREED 1.  How many credit cards do you own?   I personally have 2 in my name and then there is a card that is a joint account of myself and my aunt and a debit card. 2.  What's your guilty pleasure store?   I guess J. Crew. 3. I f you had $1 million, what would you do with it?   I would move out of my crappy apartment, buy a few  urlLink cars  and try to invest the rest. 4.  Would you rather be rich, or famous?   Rich.  Being famous is pointless. 5.  Would you accept a boring job if it meant you would make megabucks?   Aren't all jobs inherently boring to some degree? 6.  Have you ever stolen anything?    Yes.  I vividly remember taking Vaseline lip balm when I was 6. 7.  How many MP3s are on your hard drive?   Currently, 3,898.  PRIDE 1.  What one thing have you done that you're most proud of?   I am not really proud of anything yet.  I will find pride when I have a happy, stable family. 2.  What one thing have you done that your parents are most proud of?   Anything academic.  They've been proud of me so far in all aspects though. 3.  What thing would you like to accomplish in your life?   Other than the happy, stable family, I would like to make some lasting contribution to whatever field I end up working in. 4.  Do you get annoyed by coming in second place?   Of course!  I am more competitive than almost anyone I know. 5.  Have you ever entered a contest of skill, knowing you were of much higher skill than all the other competitors?   Again, of course.  It's so easy to crush people that way, and crushing makes me feel whole. 6.  Have you ever cheated on something to get a higher score?   Of course. 7.  What did you do today that you're proud of?   I set a new max on my bench press.  I'm only at 250 pounds though.  ENVY 1.  What item (or person) of your friends would you most want to have for your own?   Currently, Zig's car would be nice.  I want something faster though. 2.  Who would you want to go on "Trading Spaces" with?   Kristin Happ, since she is the only person I know that watches that show more than my parents. 3.  If you could be anyone else in the world, who would you be?   No one. 4.  Have you ever been cheated on?   Actually, I don't know.  I may have been cheated on with two different girls, but I have no proof. 5.  Have you ever wished you had a physical feature different from your own?   Yes, I wish my skin was clearer and I was less hairy. 6.  What inborn trait do you see in others that you wish you had for yourself?   Complete confidence.