Survey * General stuff... Full name: Michael Paul Bibik Jr Age: 23 Place of birth: Southfield, MI Birthdate: 08.04.1980 Nicknames: M. Current residence: Bellevue, WA Previous residences: Livonia, MI;  Ann Arbor, MI Occupation: Program Manager, Critical Response Team, Windows Mobile, Microsoft Previous jobs: Dishwasher/icre cream scooper @ Rebecca's, clerk/photo tech @ Rite Aid, cook @ South Quad Down Under, system administrator @ UMich Student Publications, intern@Yazaki North America, CTO @ Buzzhost.com Parents' names: Cheryl, Louise and (to some extent) Michael Sr. Siblings: NA Pets: Well, I have three cats at my parent's house:  Buster, Lucky and Ty (all kitties) Eye color: Hazel leaning toward green Hair color: dark brown Hair style: Short, clipper side and back, usually combed forward Height: 5'11" Weight: Pushing 190lbs. Piercings: NA Tattoos: NA Shoe size: 11-13 depending on the shoe style Race: Caucasian Religion: NA, I have no faith either Zodiac sign? Leo  * Favorites... Favorite food: Spicy chicken pad thai, grilled salmon Favorite restaurant: P.F. Chang's, Macaroni Grill Favorite fast food: Arby's, Wendy's Favorite non-alcoholic drink: Diet coke, decaf vanilla latte Favorite alcoholic drink: Bass ale, rum and cokeFavorite actor: Kevin Spacey, Edward Norton, Brad Pitt (yeah, yeah, I know...) Favorite actress: NA Favorite movie(s): The Godfather, Pulp Fiction, Se7en, Fight Club, American Beauty Favorite tv show(s): SportsCenter, 24 Favorite singer/group: Radiohead, Aereogramme, Sparta, Hot Snakes Favorite song: Hot Snakes - If Credit's What Matters, I'll Take Credit; System of a Down - Chop Suey!; Bad Religion - Give You Nothing; Belly - Superconnected; Blackalicious - Chemica Calisthenics; Coldplay - Trouble; Esthero - Breath From Another; Mudvayne - Death Blooms; Sunny Day Real Estate - Guitar and Video Games; The Hives - Hate To Say I Told You So Favorite color: Midnight blue, fire engine red, dark silver Favorite animal: Cats, degus Favorite teacher: Dr. Steven Easter, neurobiology Favorite toy: Computers, Pocket PC Phone Edition, Smartphones favorite place to shop: Best Buy, Home Depot Favorite websites: slashdot.org, fark.com, google.com, slickdeals.net Favorite month: NA Favorite season: Fall Favorite candy: Peanut M&Ms, Snickers Favorite fruit: Just about all of it Favorite thing in your room: Super comfortable bed with 1000 (yes, three zeros) thread count sheets Favorite radio station: 107.7 Favorite flower: Tulips Favorite sport(to play/to watch): Racquetball (play it every day), football, hockey Favorite halloween costume: NA Favorite bible verse: Definitely NA Favorite roller coaster: Raptor Favorite vacation: Well, my vacation with my family to San Fransisco was interesting because I had never been in California, let alone that area; Palo Alto is everything Ann Arbor wishes to be.  My spring break trip down to Florida with 7 girls was also fairly amusing Favorite memory you wish you could relive: Almost all of college, other than the studying and exams part Favorite concert i've been to: Hot Snakes @ The Magic Stick Favorite activity: Playing on the computer, working out, crying about not having a fast car Favorite board game and/or card game: Euchre, Trivial Pursuit, Scattergories Favorite magazine: Motor Trend, PC World Favorite thing to do on the weekend: Sleep in, be lazy around the apartment, go out at night Favorite soundtrack: NA Favorite holiday: Christmas Favorite day of the week: Saturday Favorite quotes: "One must have chaos within to give birth to a dancing star" - Nietzsche Favorite number: 4, 12 Favorite jello flavor: Strawberry Favorite salad dressing: Fat free zesty italian Favorite perfume/cologne: Allure  * Random Questions... What is your dream car? Rally spec Focus RS WRC '03 or Evolution How many times did you fail your driver's test? NA What's your dream job? CIO of a Fortune 500 company Who is your best friend? Jeff, Jamie, Jenn, Chris, Eric How about your best online friends? Alicia What do you think of ouija? NA What's your bedtime? Usually 12:30 PM What toothpaste do you use? Crest Whitening Where do you see yourself in 10 years? Six feet under What was the first thing you thought of when you woke up this morning? Let's just sleep in a bit longer; I took a shower last night so I can skip that this morning Do you get motion sickness? Ocassionally when I haven't been in a car for a while (weeks) Roller coastersdeadly or exciting? Exciting. What are some future son names? Alex Future daughter names? Julia Do you like to drive? I adore driving.  It used to be my primary source of stress relief, but now I just sleep or workout Do you sleep with a stuffed animal? NA Thunderstorms: cool or scary? Cool.  Why would they be scary? What do you wear to bed? T-shirt or undershirt and boxers What is your method of falling asleep? Make sure I'm tired enough to fall asleep, hop in bed.   The overwhelming comfortable nature of the bed takes care of the rest If a guy asked for the shirt on your back, would you give it to him? Yes Have you ever been in love? Yes What's on the walls in your room? Right now?  Nothing.  I haven't had a chance to finish decorating my room Do you type with your fingers on the right keys? Yes When you meet a person of the opposite sex, what do you notice first? Overall dimensions, facial structure, hair, eyes When you meet a person of the same sex, what do you notice first?  Build, facial structure Do you eat chicken fingers with a fork? No If you could be a garden tool, what would you be? Napalm What's under your bed? Two under-the-bed boxes (surprise surprise) filled with random stuff like extra PS2 controllers, duct tape, sewing kit, etc What color is your toothbrush? I think it's blue and purple What's the best advice you've ever gotten? Communication is key. What's the best advice you've ever given? Ask whomever received said best advice because I certainly do not remember. How many books of the bible have you read? None, thank god (pun intended, haha) What is the last thing you ate? The 520 Special (BBQ pork sandwich with a hot link) and lemon cake at Dixie's How many of your buddies are online? 25 on AIM, 10 on Windows Messenger (Microsoft internal messaging) What's your ideal guy/girl? Easy to talk to, intelligent, filled with common sense, practical, exciting, funny, attractive, ambitious What's your dream date? Anything that revolves around an in-depth, revealing conversation Do you collect anything? I used to collect Akira manga, maybe I should finish off the series Who is the perfect couple? NA Where do you want to live? I'm happy here in the Pacific Northwest, but Chicago and Boston are both intriguing Where do you want to honeymoon? Japan How old do you want to be when you get married? Sometime before 29 How many kids do you want to have? Two What's the best gift you've ever gotten? A huge wad of cash from my parents for high school graduation Do you get along with your parents? It's better now that I am no longer dependent on them.  If they start to get pissy, I simply threaten to leave.   That solves just about everything If a tree fell in the woods and nobody is there, would it still make a sound? Yes Most embarrassing moment: Honestly, I feel the most embarassed when I call people the wrong name. Pet peeve: Washington drivers, people insisting they are right when they are wrong, inconsiderate people in general  * Have you ever... Been attacked by a big dog? Yes, and I have a huge scar on my face to prove it! Been to africa? No Been toilet papering? Yes Been toilet papered? No Been in a car crash? Sort of.  We were the third car in a chain of five cars that was hit at a stop light when the brakes went out on someone's car Had a boyfriend/girlfriend? YesIf so who? Jenny Meek, Jeni Borrusch, Emily Lahtinen, Jamie Adamson, Katherine Herbruck, Laura Washnock-DiPietro and Leah Trzcinski (last names included in case you wanted to google them) Been kissed? Yes Been asked out? Yes  Said yes? Yes Asked someone out? Yes.  Ok, let me see if I can figure out who asked whom for each of the people previously listed:   JM, she asked; JB, she asked; EL, I initially asked and was turned down, later she asked me and I accepted; JA, we both sort of revealed that we liked each other and it developed from that; KH, we both knew something was developing but I ended up making the first move; LWD, we both knew something was developing but she made the first move; LT, I asked Smoked? No and I never will Been arrested? No Been to another country? Canadaland Made prank calls? No Stayed up all night? Yes Ordered from qvc? No Called a psychic? No Had detention? Twice.  Once for tripping a kid in middle school and once for goofing off in chemistry in high school Taken a picture of yourself with a milk mustache and sent it to the milk people? No Gotten into a fight with your pet? Buster and I play fight all the time Been to new york? No, but i'm going in like 10 days! Been to Florida? Yes Been to California? Yes Been to Hawaii? No Been to Mexico? No Been to China? No Danced naked? Yes Wished you were the opposite sex? No Had an imaginary friend? No Had a dream about something really crazy and then it happens? No Stalked someone? Yes Had a mud bath? No  * Do you prefer... Oen or pencil? Medium pen or thin mechanical pencil, depending on what I'm working Rain or snow? Rain.  I live in Seattle! Day or night? Night Chocolate or white milk? White Cookies or cake? Cookies Coke or pepsi? Diet Coke Sprite or 7up? Diet Sprite Mt. dew or surge? Diet Mountain Dew Chocolate or vanilla? Milk Chocolate Type or write? Type.  Have you seen my handwriting? Summer or winter? Summer Coffee or cappuccino? Coffee Shower or bath? Shower Boxers or briefs? Boxers Hot or cold? Cold Apples or bananas? What type of apple?  If it's something tasty like a fuji or gala, then apples Condo or house? House Santa or rudolph? Santa Math or english? Math Wal-mart or Target? Target Chocolate or vanilla cake? Milk Chocolate Croutons or bacon bits? Croutons Two doors or four on a car? Two Coffee or coffee ice cream? Coffee Mud or jello wrestling? Jello  * Who was the last person to... Call you? Jeff Sleep in your bed? Jamie (not as bad as it sounds...) Spend the night? Jamie (also, not as bad as it sounds...) Share a drink with you? Jeff, Russell, Lee, Dan, Anna, Aaron Go to the movies with you? Jeff and his girlfriend Accompany you to the mall? Jamie Yell at you? Leah Send you an e-mail? Test lead of my team at work  * Which one of your friends... Have you know the longest? Chris Knows you best? Jamie Is the loudest? Dan Is the quietest? Jenn Is the most funny? Chris Z. Will be famous? Unknown Will have the most kids? Unknown Will get married first? Unknown Will invent something? Unknown Will be on t.v.? Unknown Will break a record? Unknown  * Do you believe in... god? No Aliens? Other life forms, yes Heaven? No Hell? No Yourself? No Love at first sight? No  * What's the first thing you think of when you see the following words... Red: The color of my bathroom Blue: Sky Green: Grass Pink: Cotton candy Purple: Underwear (what can I say; I'm a freak) Black: The Evo I almost bought White: Shoe laces Sheep: Wool Dog: Stench Cat: Buster Winter: That soy sauce stuff that UMich used one winter to remove ice and snow but ended up staining all of the buildings Summer: Driving Spring: Laying out in parks Autumn: Running through leaves School: Textbooks Church: Weddings Socks: My stuffed drawer full of them Friends: The meaning of life  * Last question... Did you have fun filling this out? It was a great way to kill time at work