Alright  urlLink Lindsay , let's see if I can match your dream posts.  The first dream I had was more of a nightmare.  Basically, two shady guys were going door to door trying to sell Smartphones to people.  They had about 40 of the phones just tossed into a big plastic box.  I don't remember actually letting them into the house, but all of a sudden they were both in my parents kitchen trying to sell us AR11s.  As a side note, the  urlLink AR11  is our most hated device.  It would never see a retail market because it has so many problems.   Anyway, at first they were lackadaisically trying to get us to each buy a phone.  It seemed that they were both very tired, worn out and just wanted money.  It also seemed as if all the phones were stolen, obviously.  When we refused to buy a phone, they started to argue and yell at us.  Eventually, I took things into my own hands and started to beat on the leader of the two guys.  I didn't hurt him too much and suddenly he was gone.  I shoved his companion out the door and he rested against a parked car.     Now this is where it starts to get weird and will be hard to imagine.  So picture that you are looking out the door of a house onto a driveway.  From your vantage point, you can see just the backend of a car parked in the driveway.  The second bad guy that I tossed out of the house was leaning against the car, facing the door.  He wasn't looking directly at me, but basically looking at the ground.  He seemed exhausted and looked to be resting a bit before moving on.   Suddenly and without warning, you see just a glimpse of the first shady guy come into the picture as he drops an axe down on the skull of the second guy, practically cleaving it in two!  For some reason, I busted out of the house and ran past both the man wielding the axe and his now-dead accomplice.  I felt that I was being chased a bit and then I felt everything had changed.  I looked around, and the man with the axe was now laying on his back on the hood of a different car.  His axe seemed to have bashed him directly in the face.   I focused past that and saw my mom's friend Evelyn holding a smoking gun!  I can only assume that while he was chasing me, she shot him in the back, he fell back onto the car and then his axe fell onto his face.  I woke up after that one.  The second dream is fairly hazy, but I know some details.  The scene was the last day of class in presumably high school.  It was more like a boarding school because not only did we have to clean out our desks and say goodbye to students and teachers but we had to pack up our bedding and clothes as well.  I'm sure this has something to do with me reading so much Harry Potter lately.  I know there was some crying and there was a dark haired female teacher that we were all sad to say goodbye to.  The next thing I know, I'm getting married!  I don't remember much of the details, but it seems that in the dream I had a wedding and got married to Jamie, then we divorced, then I was getting married to someone else not a month later.  Weird.