Setting:   A Gameworks or some sort of gaming facility.  Lots of old people, dimly lit, similar to a casino in that respect.  Basically, it had the feel of a Gameworks, casino and bowling alley combined.  First scene:  I'm sitting down and playing some sort of matching game, seems like Mastermind, with quarters.  An older lady approaches from nowhere and demands to know where my gamer card is (If you have been to Gameworks or Dave & Busters, you know that instead of using quarters, you get a credit card of sorts that you can put money on.  I show a pocket full of quarters, implying that I'm just playing with quarters and she storms off.   She returns about 5 minutes later and hands me a large stack of gamer chips (4 $25, 2 $10, 2 $5, 4 $1) and a fist fill of Twizzlers.  The look she gives me as she walks off was, "I've been in your place before, kid.  Have some fun and enjoy the sugar!".  Possibly she thought I was poor since I only showed about 5 dollars with in quarters.  I vaguely remember winning a lot of money on the Mastermind game and then being given a tour of the facility.  The man in charge was giving the tour and reminded me of  urlLink Tom Poston  from the Newhart show, but with a suit that Rod Roddy would wear.   Well, a suit he would have worn, since he  urlLink died  of breast cancer.  During the tour, I remember passing by a small room in the back with mirrors on the walls and a rainbow motif adorning the ceiling.  He said that was in case anyone felt like dancing and could also be rented out.  Oddly enough, it was empty and the lights were off.  I can only imagine how those rainbows would look with the full house lights!  I know I would want to shake my groove thang, and probably go suck on a popsicle or eat some sausage.  Second scene:  The dream gets fuzzy for a bit, but I remember after the tour there was this one counter way in the back with no one around it.  The person running it is none other than Beth Manoongian, an "acquaintance" from school.  This game was a trivia game with a twist.  The questions are extremely difficult but the prize for answering a single question runs in the millions of dollars.  I decide to give it a shot, hoping that Beth will help me out a little bit.  As she pulls the question from a long box of cards, she places it on ledge face down in front of me, then gets a phone call.  While she isn't watching, I try to see what the answer is, but can't quite make it out.  It looks like "Yeh" to me backwards.  The question was something like "What is the beach on Jo Beach?".  Sort of a trick question, but I thought I already had the answer.   I hem and haw for a bit, then exclaim "Yeh!".  The answer was actually "Lev", which doesn't make sense to me in the dream or in the waking world.  Since playing the game is free, I have her pull out another card.  By this time, someone else has joined me at the counter.  This person seemed to be between 18-22 years old, male, dark hair, reminded me of a frat boy.  The next question wasn't even a question, it was something along the lines of "(SomeForeignName) is furious."  I think the riddle was that you had to figure out the country that would give out a name like that then give the translation for "furious".  The random guy and I looked at each other trying to figure it out and then I woke up.  I should rent out my brain for studies into the abnormal.