Dream Update:  The dream from last night concerned me entering some sort of car show.  The show was held in a building similar to Cobo Hall where the North American International Auto Show is held.  The first part of the dream is quite fuzzy, but it involved Jeff, Russ and I driving quite a long distance from home to the show, trailering my show car.  The car was a fairly sedate blue; brighter than Ford Racing blue but not as bright as Subaru World Rally blue.  I have no idea what type of car it was, though my mind told me it was an Acura RSX.  I'm not even sure what sort of car show it was, but I knew that I had to perform something.  Possibly just drive it around for show, possibly drag race it, possibly drift it, who knows!  After we got to the show, there was quite a bit of time before I had to drive, so we walked around.  As we walked around, I realized that I had forgotten the keys to the show car!  Since it was trailered there, I didn't need the keys.  Oddly enough, I found out that I was carrying one of my old keys from the Michigan Daily and it worked as a master key for the entire showroom building.  Again, oddly enough, all of the mens bathrooms were closed so all of the womens bathrooms became co-ed.    While Jeff, Russ and I were walking back down to the parking garage so that we could go get the keys to the show car, we ran into a group of about six people.  We were in a small hallway at a bend, so it was a tight fit to get all 9 people through.  The groups sort of collided, then the six people swarmed us.  My first thought was to check our wallets.  They didn't actually steal our wallets, but Jeff had lost all of his IDs and all of his money except for singles.  Just at the end of the altercation, I some how stole back all of Jeff's IDs and a huge stack of money.  I checked my wallet at this point, and it actually had more money in it than before!  At first, I was pleased, then I checked the bills.  A 300 hundred dollar bill?  Another bill that had multiple denominations on it (I remember one that had "$300", "$133" and "$16" all on the same bill)?  Another bill that had some sort of religious message on the back instead of a visual scene?  This was where I woke up.