Ok, really weird dream.  Here are some of the highlights:  Set in a time where USA and the Soviet Union are at a full-on war. The first part of the dream sees me running across an American battlefield, trying to avoid bullets, mines, bombs, missiles and just about every other type of munition. I saw a very large passenger jet, presumably American, get hit by a missle and then crash into the sea.  This jet was filled with Olympic athletes. At this point, the dream becomes more of a movie and I am delegated to observer status. A rag-tag group of Americans decide that the only way to stop the Soviet Union is to infiltrate their country and kill their leader.  The group of Americans consist of a female Olympic judge, a 12-year-old girl and an older guy that looks like James Earl Jones. This group has to train to be able to infiltrate the country.  Instead of learning military techniques, they learn how to train water snakes. I don't remember how, but all of a sudden the entire group is in the heart of the Soviet Union.  The unnamed leader is hiding out in a rural town in a boarding house. The little girl sneaks upstairs, undetected, to find the leader sleeping amongst 15 other people from the town. The girl places a rag of some sort of chemical over the leaders mouth, knocking him out.  Instead of just killing him, the girl saws off his head with a dull machete and puts it into a burlap bag.  No one has yet noticed anything has happened.  She sneaks downstairs and runs outside. Just as she joins the rest of her group hiding behind a bush outside, there is a sound much like the sharpening of a machete.  From an open window upstairs, the now-dead body of the leader with a ghostly head starts to appear in the window.  At first, it's safe to assume he is about to brandish a machete when instead he pulls out a .50 cal machine gun (the type that is normally truck mounted).  Before he can fire, the James Earl Jones character grabs a gun from the ground and sprays the leader with bullets. The end.