I COME TO THE DESERT   I come to the desert  to find my past, reconnect with roots  buried in hard soil played on in childhood, Creosote smells foretelling distant rain the heat evaporates before landing.  I come to the desert  to find my past, branches of my heart dried like cactus bones, asking acceptance from this earth or these Indian eyes, or these Mexican smiles, who glance over me like forgiveness is all I can earn here under this white skin.  White like klan robes, white like eyes opened wide, white like lies told for victories never won in justice.  I come to the desert  to find my past at the National Atomic Museum, and learn about Nobel scientists, skin mushroom cloud white like mine, and I am demanding to know the half-life of truth.  I come to the desert  to find my past at the Pueblo museum in plaques defining 19 tribes, each with a paragraph describing their survival among the greed of conquerors using God as a weapon with skin white like mine.  I come to the desert to find my people at the museum  of Hate and Intolerance, but the gates are closed, guarded by silent kachinas skin bright and bold, not white like mine.  I come to the desert  to find my purpose at a poetry reading, revealing injustices and lost identities boiled down in this melting pot and listen  as though in the truth  of another, some answer may be found, but in an instant am shattered when a note scrawled on napkin is passed to me, "This is not Starbuck's," a message for skin white like mine.  I come to the desert  to find my homeland  for I am removed  three generations from my name.  Perhaps it would be better to find my past in the Polish family who came to this United States to escape their torturers and build generations who could speak the language, who would not have to break backs  and cramp fingers in the tobacco fields, picking and sweating and laying leaves across wood to dry.  I am told these were my people, strangers to me, I was carried away to the desert when I was three. I was not told their stories until the summer Stasia took me to Chu Chu's to hear her memories of being in the Catholic concentration camp with her son Billy.  It was seven years  before they escaped, after the war was over,  but before liberation came.  I come to the desert because these stories do not truly belong to me, and I cannot find comfort in Chu Chu's words at the end of her tale, "the Jews deserved it," her ancient face revealing eyes still unforgiving, betraying her frailty.  She was dead four years before I was told.  So I come to the desert, seeking community and culture only tasted at restaurants, licking my lips, the color on my body and deny my race, for I am not white, I am beige, beige like these desert sands, beige like these hard rock mountains.  I am beige in the sun.  I darken my skin in the shadows.  I stand alone, the last of my family line, the family who worked to give me the freedom  to buy a new history for myself among the madness of conquerors  enslavers liars murderers skin white  like the blisters  on my beige  heels, as I walk the desert to find  the sacred space to heal  my common humanity.