Current Phase: Full Moon in Gemini  Begins Thursday 2:11 PM EST / Ends: Monday 7:19 AM EST  The Full Moon is the time when the Moon reflects the greatest amount of the Sun's light. The Earth is astronomically poised between the Sun and the Moon, enabling us to see two different sides of ourselves clearly, something the Gemini energy is adept at spotting. The opposing but equally-pulling gravitational pull of the Sun and the Moon also reveals a tension within ourselves. The polarity of Gemini is Sagittarius.The polarity of a sign, is the sign that is opposite it in the zodiac. Since we are in the Sagittarius lunar cycle, that tension may be more pronounced.  By providing enough distance and light to give us an objective view of ourselves and how we relate to others, the Full Moon works to integrate and harmonize the contradictions in ourselves and others. This opening of increased awareness traditionally makes the Full Moon a beneficial time for meditation on personal and worldwide issues. There's literally an electrical energy build-up before a Full Moon and a release just after the peak. At the Full Moon, the seeds sown at the last New Moon are ready to be harvested and used ~~ we reap what we've sown. Working out the energy through the physical body can be grounding and centering.    About Gemini (Ruler Mercury):   The Astrological Symbol of Gemini is the Twins. Like their sign, the twins, they often have a dual nature and are skilled at seeing both sides of a problem, but they may also be fickle and restless.  Within the Zodiac, Gemini is opposite Sagittarius, the sign of philosophy. While Sagittarius tends to have one major interest that is studied deeply, Gemini people tend to have many different interests they study in less detail.  The element of Gemini is air. Air is vital to human survival. Without air, we would perish. Air is the power of movement; of freshening and of intellignce. Its the invisible and yet quite real mixture of gases that we breathe in every day. The three air signs are Gemini, Libra, and Aquarius. In astrology, air stands for intellect, reason and communication. The quality of Gemini is mutable. The four mutable signs Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius, and Pisces. In astrology, the mutable quality signifies versatility, adaptability, openness to change, and flexibility.   Gemini - Full Moon Meditation   from  urlLink The Labours of Hercules    I recognize my other self and while this fades I grow and glow. (May 21 - June 20)  This full moon meditation series is based on an astrological interpretation of the twelve labors of Hercules from the Greek myth. The twelve tasks of Hercules are symbolic lessons for every human from the way of selfishness back to the Heart of God. As mortals we do not exactly know the way to the higher worlds but the path itself knows and leads us through sometimes dramatic experiences to our goal. So we travel "on the path until we become that path", from Aries to Taurus and Gemini - and further through all the astrological signs to Pisces. In Gemini active work sets the standard tone. First comes the premonition, later the certain knowledge; eventually we recognize through daily work - after mental control in Aries and overcome desire in Taurus - the light of God everywhere.  In the third sign of the astrological year, Gemini, the Twins, Hercules is called again from his own inner light to go further and accept the next task: Go out to search the sacred tree and gather the golden apples of the Hesperides. Unfold the power to search without discouragement, deception or too great speed. Perseverance holds the key.  The task appears to be easy and Hercules hurries into it. But the garden of the Hesperides is protected by a hundred-headed dragon and three virgins. Throughout the land Hercules passes, seeking the sacred tree, but without success. He is deaf to the inner voice and blind for all signs along the way. From North he turns to South and wrestles with Antaeus, the serpent in the place of darkness. Antaeus overcomes him at every point until Hercules is able to lift the serpent, with both arms, high in the air, off from the ground. To the West Hercules now turns with new courage. He meets Busiris, the great deceiver, son of the waters, who pretends to know the truth alone. Hercules loves and adores Busiris, follows him and becomes bound by him for a whole year. Finally Hercules turns inwards and realises that "Truth lies within yourself". So he breaks the bonds and continues with the search wiser than before. A pain-filled screem intrudes the ear of Hercules, the one of Prometheus, chained upon a rock, his liver being hacked by vultures, thus slowly killing him. Hercules breaks the binding chain, frees Prometheus und looks after him until he recovers from his wounds. With much loss of time Hercules turns to the high mountains of the East, meeting Atlas on his way carrying the load of worlds upon his back. Hercules watches and gauges the measure of the load and pain. He forgets about his search and decides to aid the giant without delay. So he shoulders the burden of his brother unto his own back. But lo! the load rolls off and he stands free and likewise Atlas. From the loving hands of Atlas he gets the long awaited golden apples. Three sisters - Aegle, Erythea and Hesperis - await him with more apples declaring "The Way to us is always marked by service. Deed of love are signposts on the Way". The story ends with Hercules returning the apples to the three sisters "for those who follow".  The sign of Gemini consists of two pillars connected with a half-moon shaped arch: One pillar is open at the bottom, the other at the top. They symbolise the lower nature (body, feeling, mind) and the higher Self (atma-buddhi-manas). The pairs of opposites reveal themselves especially forceful in this sign - the higher Self striving upwards, the form aspect drawing downwards. Five tests Hercules has to pass before the fruits of Wisdom become his own: Sincerity, Alertness, Persistence, the Unfolding of Power for the search, and - finally - the selfless loving Service for others.  In Gemini, we learn to recognize the presence of the Higher Self. In the beginning one is aware of voice but does not hear, one sees or has a premonition of some danger but is blind until all assumptions and beliefs are transformed into knowledge and experience. Prometheus stands for the escape from the bondage of the mind, Atlas symbolizes the freedom and readiness to carry "the Weight of the World". Both, Prometheus and Atlas are witnesses on the way to our awareness of the higher Self. Loving compassion born of right thinking will lead us towards the goal. The keynote signifies that the lower nature (body, feelings and mind) - symbolized in the lower pillar of the sign - has to fade and become submerged to the higher Self which will then grow and glow.   Sources:   urlLink ArtCharts    urlLink http://www.geocities.com/SouthBeach/Tidepool/4036/gemini.html    urlLink The Labours of Hercules