Current Phase: Full Moon in Leo   Sunday 3:52pm PST until Wednesday 11:26 PM PST when it moves into Libra   Leo has a real sense of specialness and perceives all it creates as gifts bestowed upon the rest of us in the name of love and life. Anything can happen under the influence of this most romantic of Moons. Leo loves to be the center of attention, so get out there and shine! For those of you who made commitments to life changes on the New Moon in Aquarius, this is the time to put those plans into action. You get to begin your new life with the self-confidence of a Leo Full Moon opposing Uranus in Aquarius, which represents the radical energy to throw out the old and bring in the new. The Venus and Chiron conjunction in Capricorn will give you added strength to achieve your goals; no matter how hard and long it takes. Remember that on a Full Moon, it helps to release your old behavior through ritual. This is a Full Moon of great inspiration and should not be wasted. If you have been suffering with creative blocks, the Leo Full Moon bestows the energy to break free of inertia and get into action. If it doesn't, you might reconsider your project or direction. Maybe it's just not the right one   This year the Leo Full Moon will be directly opposite Uranus in Aquarius. Some think that Aquarius and Leo are diametrically opposed to one another. But I find their synergistic and interdependent relationship unique among the signs. Aquarius demands radical change, which cannot be accomplished without Leo's talents: unwavering self-belief in one's personal vision and true leadership. Leo demands creativity and caring, which requires the Aquarian rejection of personal glorification in favor of global identification. When balanced, the Leo/Aquarius polarity works hand in hand to further the evolution of human civilization. Corruption, greed and suffering only exist when these energies lack equilibrium.  The Leo Full Moon assures us all that we have great personal power and we must learn to use it judiciously. This is the Full Moon to try on the role of leader. If you have wanted to come out front with your great ideas, this is the time to try. The connection with ego identity is strong on this Full Moon. Leo understands how much power it can wield, and will never shy away from using this knowledge to accomplish even the most outrageous goals. Forget the stereotypical Leo: a partygoer dancing with a lampshade on their head. Instead, think of showing up with a serious commitment to who you are and not backing down for anything. Leo is total self-belief and it uses total commitment to gain success and glory. Think of Madonna (Sun in Leo); she is a powerful presence who insists upon owning her vision and maintaining total control of the product. As we say in Silicon Valley, "it's all about believing your own marketing." Yes, of course there is a dark side to power and glory. We all know that an inflated ego creates the right conditions for abuses of power. But power used wisely can be of great benefit to all.   The beauty of Leo is how much it truly cares about others, and since this is a Full Moon, let's get into a celebratory space and bask in the light of Leo's positive qualities. This is the most dramatic, elegant and fun Full Moon of the year. So get out and enjoy the fireworks!    Source:   urlLink Astrowisdom