urlLink June 2003 Outlook from Moonsurfing.com    Dear Moonsurfers,  The Moon is New in Gemini on Friday May 30th at 9:20 PM PST  urlLink http://www.moonsurfing.com/nm-ovr.html  for our monthly overview go to:  urlLink http://www.moonsurfing.com/mo-ovr.html   This Gemini New Moon has many explosive aspects and could definitely be  stressful. This is the climax to a very cosmically complex month.  Remember the importance of breathing fully and deeply. May 30th, or 31st  depending n your time zone, is the 2nd brand new beginning gifted to us by  the month of May and the accompanying solar eclipse provides us with  the opportunity to move forward in new directions, provided we've allowed  ourselves to process the feelings stirred up by the Full Moon lunar  eclipse.     Imagination and magic are heightened at the time of this New Moon ( the  2nd New Moon in one month is called a Black Moon in the Wiccan  tradition and denotes a time when magic/alchemy is extremely powerful.) A  sextile to this New Moon from Jupiter in Leo (expansion and broader  horizons) and Neptune in Aquarius (our field of dreams) sends a message telling  us that we can create what we can imagine.  Don't put too much on your  plate or you'll lose your focus and sacrifice much-needed clarity.  This eclipse may well pop information concerning the shady dealings of  Congress and the FCC concerning private and corporate media interests  in radio and television broadcasting. Freedom of speech and  communication is a basic tenet upon which this country was built, so stay aware of  what's happening and make those calls and write those letters. The  shift from Taurus (ruler of the throat) to Gemini within the month of May  reminds you to let your voice be heard.   On June 3rd, Saturn vacates Gemini after a 3-year stay and begins a  journey through Cancer that will last until July 16, 2005. Woman's issues  will be more prominent and the political, economic, and personal  lessons of the last 30 years come up for a reality check. (The first woman's  bank, the first woman to climb Mt. Everest, the first woman priests  ordained in the Anglican and Episcopalian churches, as well as Watergate,  worldwide inflation and the oil embargo/energy crisis marked the last  transit of Saturn through Cancer.)   Venus (ruler of Taurus, love, beauty and the way we attract what we  need on the material plane) and Mercury (the way we think and assimilate  information) are united in Taurus reminding us to connect heart and mind  to find win-win solutions. Stay positive, keep an open mind, cultivate  a willingness to listen, and tune into the adventurous excitement of  the new world that's opening up.     Remember that your consciousness creates, so reflect and  get ready to  co-create a new direction by committing your thoughts, feelings, words,  and actions to the universal mind of which we're all a part.   Claudia