urlLink SCORPIO LUNAR CYCLE  by Crystal Pomeroy Oct. 25 - Nov. 22 This Scorpio New Moon begins the lunar cycle marked by Samhain, Halloween (originally, Hallows Mass), El Da de los Muertos, and All Souls' Daythe classic Scorpio festivities around the world. Prayerful reflection sets this lunation and the intense energies it entails off to a high-vibration start. It also gives us a chance to move into the years end from a most constructive mental and spiritual position, especially with the very strong Saturn influences.  According to ancient pagan and neo-pagan tradition, the days preceding and marking mid-autumn are the high point of the year, a time at which many of lifes most powerful aspects were traditionally celebrated. The current lunar cycle is most apt for resurrecting their energies, in a post-pagan world which tends to deny and repress the vital themes associated with the end of harvest, such as: change, death, Earth as our mother, the love that we feel towards her and towards those who have departed from the physical plane, and our individual power to  tap into transpersonal forces .  According to the ancient custom, the harvest-end festivities serve to thank the earth for her bounties, to thank Spirit, and to share both thanks and fruits with all loved ones, including those who have moved on from the material plane, honoring them personally in the realm of invisible life they now inhabit.  From these days forth, no fruit could be harvested until the following year, to give the earth a rest. On special, colorful altars or tables, places were set and food prepared and served for departed loved ones (and to this day, still are by Wikkans and Central Americans of native descent). At its heyday, this multi-dimensional, highly emotive holiday was a collective expression which underscored and fortified divine human nature, that higher potential whose scope is larger than mere consumption, physical survival and material appearances, capable of honoring and venerating all beings, including those (Mother Earth, disincarnate souls and other subtle entities) whose messages are audible to the spiritual (vs. merely physical) ear.  The race memory of this tradition, as well as the energies of the sky and earth themselves at this time, make of the Samhain New Moon a truly miraculous portal which anyone can access to  multiply blessings in all areas of personal and global existence , with prayers like the following, which can be included in a Samhain gathering or done privately, and which are adapted to current cultural terms and understanding:  strengthening tolerance at its deepest level, sending light to our departed loved ones, and invoking the amazing power of endings so available at this time, to annul whatever circumstances seem to have delayed successful consolidation of the passing years goals . Stay tuned to our meditation for the Full Moon within this same cycle, designed to fill out our autumnal acts of inner power with visualizations which activate our mystical, feminine (in both men and women) power of attraction to magnetize whatever we need to finish our years work, as we will also share a magical Full Moon offering to heal Mother Earth.  Before the actual altar and prayer suggestions, lets reflect on what this particular Samhain New Moon has to do with tolerance. In the first place, Wikkans especially focus on that virtue at this time, as they pay homage their predecessors who were burned at the stake by European churches. Furthermore, the intense Saturn stationary-retrograde which takes place right with this New Moon gives us a chance to effectively remake how we exercise our moral, and, as it is in Cancer, emotional, judgment nature. Metaphysically speaking, we have a chance to soften the punishing patriarch within,  informing our judgment nature with love , staying the mental hand that would condemn without previous, compassionate reflection.  Tolerance is a personal and global necessity. As remotely savage as the witch-burnings may seem, the danger of such extreme, thoughtless outbursts will lurk ever beneath the surface of our daily normalcy until we include careful, open-minded consideration, both compassionate and rational, in our a way of thought and life. Politically, such an approach can protect us from mass manipulation into rash, fundamentalist support of scapegoating, such as evidenced in Nazi Germany, the McCarthy witch-hunts, modern day treatment of Muslims, and the recent special elections in California.  The following principle is inscribed on the emerald tablet, "As above, so below." If you are still reading this by now, chances are youre among those who consider ourselves relatively tolerant. In such cases, prayer is a strong ally to pass from philosophic lenience to the ability to release emotional condemnation of those whose value systems diverge, even widely, from our own. Moral tolerance does not necessarily imply putting up with unacceptable conditions, but rather  staying free from the judgment trap , of sentencing those that differ from our most cherished tenets. Prayer for this intent can release us to the Power of Higher Love, which in turn will touch our personal realms, eventually influencing the larger communities of city, state, country and globe, lifting all levels up into a magical sphere of protection for the planet, for Spirit, for ourselves and for every visible and invisible being. This dimension of inner abundance will survive even when our outer forms, like the harvests last fruits, are released unto Mother Earth.  Call on the Power of Endings to usher in a happy close to your passing year!  1) Make a list of those goals for work and other applied efforts you can remember having at the beginning of 2003.  2) On another page, briefly describe those activities, situations, behaviors, beliefs or attachments which you feel have kept you from consolidating those goals.  3) Call on the Angel of Endings, and ask her to assist you in accepting the demise of whatever situations would delay the consolidation of your divine plan for 2003. Then declare aloud, 13 times, as you visualize their meaning:  I CALL ON THE POWER OF ENDINGS WHICH IS NOW RENEWING THE EARTH, TO ELIMINATE ALL THAT WOULD DELAY THE CONSOLIDATION OF MY HIGHEST WORK. JUST AS LEAVES NOW FALL AWAY AND ARE DISSOLVED INTO THE EARTH, THOSE SITUATONS, ACTIVITIES, BELIEFS AND BEHAVIORS THAT NEED TO, NOW DROP FROM THE PANORAMA OF MY LIFE SO THAT MY HIGHEST ENDEAVORS MAY CONSOLIDATE AND PROSPER, QUICKLY AND IN PEACE.