urlLink SAGITTARIUS LUNAR CYCLE  by Claudia @ www.moonsurfing.com Nov. 23 - Dec. 22  It's time to lighten up, laugh and celebrate life.   Emotional stumbling blocks, outworn beliefs and areas calling for forgiveness are touched by powers of transformation as a total solar eclipse kicks off this lunar cycle.   Winter officially begins as the solstice occurs on Dec. 21st underscoring the shift towards the light. Following the deep emotional elimination process kicked off by the Harmonic Concordance eclipse set-up, ask yourself  what's true for you . Expand your viewpoint, cultivate a generous spirit and remember that your truth may not be everyone's truth. This cycle brings new opportunities and you're more aware of your place in the wider world now. Allow your life to tell a new story of possibilities, growth and fulfillment.   Sagittarius is the sign of risk-taking and expanding horizons. Perhaps the relinquishment of the outworn yet dearly held beliefs that form the very foundations of our lives is the biggest risk of all. Whatever you experienced on or around November 22, 1984 as well as May 21,1993 and May 25, 1994 provide clues as to what's being re-energized by this eclipse. Along with the broader awareness being popped by this eclipse, you can come into a greater love of self by  letting go of intolerance with yourself and your process.   We're flexing brand new muscles of perception. There's much wisdom to be gained as we open to new ideas and possibilities that are shifting and connecting us at the deepest levels of our souls.   Remember that old old phrase. "As you believe, so it is done unto you." It's time to reclaim your true power by reaffirming  the truth of who you really are.  Utilize the powerfully expansive energies of this Jupiter-ruled cycle and the ignition sparks provided by the New Moon Solar Eclipse set up to complete the surrender into your true identity as higher greater Self. Then walk that truth as you move toward your highest goals. All things are possible, if you believe.