urlLink AQUARIUS LUNAR CYCLE  by Kelley Rosano Jan 20 - Feb 19  The Sun Soars into Aquarius on January 20, 2004 and we have both the Sun and the New Moon in Aquarius the next day on January 21st.   Now is the time to plant the seeds of what you desire to harvest in your life, work, and relationships.  If we have been too serious and focused on work, perhaps we need to invite play back into our lives.  Aquarian energy fires lightning truth, unexpected events, and upsets into the status quo to keep life from getting too rigid, constricting, or comfortable.   Shaking and waking us up to experience new ways of living, being and loving.      Aquarius invites us into fresh starts, new roads, boldness, genius, and group membership.  Wild man Uranus is the ruling planet of Aquarius, he is outrageous, shocking, and erratic.  Uranus loves to create chaos, and upset for that which is out dated, out grown or boorishly stuck.  We will continue to experience a breakdown in paradigms, institutions, and organizations that are in truth obsolete.  The light is oncoming and the Age of Aquarius is dawning.  Uranus is in the spiritual sign Pisces for the next eight years, erasing boundaries between the spiritual and physical worlds, technology will boom with space age inventions.  Your intuitve and psychic abilities will continue to grow.  Pay attention to your dreams they are filled with life directing knowledge. Where do you need more freedom?     On a planetary level, we are closing out the Piscean Age, and ending a 26,000-year cycle.  We are now entering the Age of Aquarius and starting a new 26,000 year cycle.    In truth, we live cycles within cycles, Pisces (last two thousand years) into Aquarius (next two thousand years.) The Age of Aquarius is the promised coming revolution in higher consciousness, an age of peace, truth, beauty, freedom, and love. Where competition is replaced with cooperation.   Today is the time to prepare for higher consciousness by practicing Self-love and acceptance.  The paramount mission, individually, may be for the development of a healthy foundation with Self and Spirit. 'Self' is the inner essence, soul identity and authenticity of each individual.  When we are in alignment with Self, we base our choices upon one's true values and personal integrity, and enjoy a certain level of completion, joy, flow, and wholeness.    As individuals come into a greater sense of Self and Spirit, they assist in raising the consciousness of the planet, as  well as themselves.   When our cup is full, we are available to assist others.  This lifetime offers a grand opportunity to live in a new level of awareness, authenticity and happiness.  We are the seedlings of the Aquarian Age, the forerunners plowing the way for greater souls of light to embody with us and take us to Greatest Party we have experienced in thousands of years, the Golden Age of Aquarius.