urlLink Pisces Lunar Cycle  by Ronni Lynn Feb 20 - March 20  This month the New Moon will be in the sign of Pisces. Pisces is a most mystical sign because it deals with the unconscious side of life and ourselves.  Pisces' influence dissolves boundaries- those barriers that separate people and even nations from understanding each other.  When boundaries are lifted we experience compassion, true understanding and a gentleness toward ourselves and each other. In order to accomplish this we must first deal with dissolving those boundaries within ourselves. By this I mean the differences between our external selves (how we act, dress, what we say we believe, etc) with our internal selves- who we truly are. When we are free to reflect to the outside who we really are then we will experience increased authenticity. With this authenticity we will begin to experience true connections with others. After all, if we are being a true reflection of ourselves, it will be our truth that others will be responding to. What a wonderful foundation for any relationship! When people who are being true to themselves interact, when their internal, and/or subconscious self is reflected outwardly, barriers between them will melt because they will have an understanding of each other. We all have much more in common than we realise or would like to admit. With this in mind, this is a good time to forgive others who have wronged us, ask forgiveness, or to forgive ourselves for past failures.   A good way to find your inner truth is to quiet your mind, to meditate and just observe what comes up. Sometimes defense mechanisms that may have served us at the time of a traumatic experience persist and only serve to block our true energies from arising. You can sometimes tell that this is happening when you no longer allow yourself to feel vulnerable emotionally with others. This is a time when as we relax our minds and bodies we learn to release those tensions that block our emotional response with others. Pisces rules higher ideals, dreams and inspirations.  Let your imagination and creativity expand during this time.  We can wish to increase our spiritual awareness, our surrender to and faith in a higher power, or to find the correct spiritual path or teacher. At this time perhaps we can come to a realization that everything has a purpose, we are all connected, and that there is a perfect order to the universe. We are all part of the unfolding of that universe. This is a good month to wish for a decrease in feeling like a victim, or in feeling helpless or out of control. These are Pisces qualities that can go overboard. We need to  curb a tendency for complete escapism , such as overuse of alcohal or drug abuse. While fantasy and inspiration can work to help us develop into more evolved beings, to expand our possibilities, we can also  learn to distinguish fantasy from reality, truth from fiction . We must avoid the tendency to deceive ourselves and others with escapism. Pisces energy helps us dream, and offers us the opportunity to use that dream to make the world a better place for everyone. Neptune's energy can be harnessed to increase our creativity and creative expression in art, writing, dance, drama, or music.  Dreams and inspiration are the first steps before action.    The next sign, Aries will take the actions that follow the dreams that Pisces created. Pisces is the last sign of the Zodiac and with the dreams of Pisces feeding unconsciously into the energies of the first sign of the Zodiac, Aries, the cycle is again complete. The next new moon will be in Aries on March 20, 2004 at 5:42 PM. E.S.T. Come visit me then or a few days before for more New Moon reflections.   With Blessings- Ronni