urlLink GEMINI LUNAR CYCLE : By Rev. Pauline Southard  This month's lunar cycle has an overall scattered feeling especially after May 21, 2004 when the Sun leaves Taurus for light and mutable Gemini. We feel we are jumping from one thing to another. Taking even just a few minutes to regroup will truly help this month. The New Moon of May 19, 2004 arrives at 12:51 AM EDT. This is the last gasp of the very fixed Taurus energy we experienced during the last lunar cycle. This New Moon lies at the very bottom of the chart, beckoning us to plant our spring gardens and attend to matters around the house. We could really use a little time out from work. A household crisis requires that we scramble to manipulate our schedules.  Our committed love relationships are smooth sailing now. Sexual intimacy provides us with a wonderful nurturing connection that lasts long after the physical act is completed. Truly a meeting of souls.   This part of the lunar cycle provides us with great potential to plan our summer vacations and those of the children we are responsible for. A sibling conveys some good advice concerning matters of the heart and/or financial affairs.   The First Quarter Moon of May 27, 2004 at 3:56 AM EDT starts its work while we are still dreaming. The Sun has now entered Gemini. Gemini energy in its pure form is all about communication, inquisitiveness and love of socializing. At its best, its clever wit can cause us to look at matters from a different perspective while laughing. When this energy is used negatively, it can denote lack of focus, the facile & easy answer over the deeper and more thoughtful approach and a disregard for others feelings.   Expect some unexpected expenses that may impede our goals in the short term. However, towards the end of the First Quarter Moon, we find that our partners are particularly helpful in very practical and substantial ways.  The Full Moon of June 3, 2004 at 12:19 AM EDT makes everything appear larger than life as the Sun and Moon depart from a square to Jupiter. Relax! Although we feel that we must do it all perfectly, perhaps an adequate job will suffice without totally stressing us out. Any recent tensions in our relationships ease now. It could be fun to see a play or an unusual foreign movie now.  The Third Quarter Moon of June 9, 2004 at 4:02 PM EDT heightens our emotional sensitivity. We are particularly adept at tuning into our lovers and childrens feelings. A great time to go to the beach and paint! Or we could single mindedly pursue projects that have seemed to have had a missing element until now and complete them. It is a great week for a trip with a lover- either an inner or literal journey would be wonderful now.