urlLink CANCER LUNAR CYCLE  by Maya del Mar&nbsp; July 17 -&nbsp;August 16   During the passage of the sun through Cancer we are  extraordinarily open to our inner selves , to our own depths, to our own connections with the universe. The vulnerability of this state increases our need for security, and we find ourselves attending to those aspects of our lives which center in our own hearthour inner child, our family, our domestic lives, our homes, our businessesthose things which relate to creating a stable base, those situations in which we find  safety and comfort .   The Sun enters the sign of Cancer at Summer Solstice. This is the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere. At that moment the days begin to shorten, the night force takes over, and we begin our six-month journey of gradually embracing the darkness, which climaxes at winter solstice on December 21.   Like the night to which she introduces us,  the forces of Cancer are mysterious . They are ruled by the Moon, the Goddess of the Night, who brings her waxing and waning lanterns to guide us through the dark, through the murky unconscious, through the watery depths of feeling.   In Gemini we made connections with every passing event, as we restlessly kept ourselves in motion, learning about the world, exploring. Now in Cancer it is time to center ourselves, to  turn within  and learn who we are and what we need, to nurture our inner child and create a safe home for it. The darkness of the subconscious is our real staging ground for life, and we must develop lines of support to anchor ourselves to its vastness, while at the same time maintaining fluid passageways for growth, for change, and for movement to new levels.   In Aries, we brought the seed of spirit to earth, in Taurus we multiplied the seeds, in Gemini the air swept them up to disperse them, and now in Cancer each seed will  find its proper spot in which to put down strong roots .   It is most appropriate that we plant our gardens by the moon, which rules Cancer. The moon fluctuates within its monthly cycle, and also is connected with the daily fluctuations of tidal waters throughout the world. Underlying this fluctuation, which may seem capricious if we dont pay attention to lifes rhythms, there are regular cycles and predictability. The energy of Cancer, similarly, is a fluctuating movementgoing within to deep sources and then moving out to express those depths in the world, ever shifting as do the ocean currents. But like the moon Cancer has its inner predictability, and is accountable to its own rhythms.   Cancer rules containers of all kinds, including the womb, where young life is nourished, and the home, where families are nourished. It rules gestation, that vulnerable time when an embryo is being formed deep within layers of protection.   Cancer is associated with bodies of fluid, such as lakes and amniotic sacs. It knows. It knows that water, which symbolizes emotions in astrology, is the essential matrix of life, and that feelings are tender and vulnerable and must be protected, just as the growing fetus must be protected. It knows intimately about growth, because it carries the growth process within itself. And growth, too, must be protected and attended to so that the fledgling is strong and healthy. &nbsp; The Sabian Symbol for 26 Cancer is:   "GUESTS ARE READING IN THE LIBRARY OF A LUXURIOUS HOME. The transference of social privilege to the level of intellectual enjoyment. We see the concretization of cultural excellence and wealth at the level at which individuals can exercise their developmental capacities in comfort. The process is individualized because the library belongs to a private residence, the luxury of which implies an individuals concentration upon the acquisition of wealth. Maintaining CLASS STANDARDS OF INFORMATION. What is at stake here is the need to conform to the requirements of ones social status." &nbsp; &nbsp;