urlLink Haiku For Beginners    I guess the first thing you noticed is that they're short - two or three lines only. There are not many words in those lines either. And you didn't hear rhymes, did you?   Beyond their physical form, these poems obviously have something else in common. It is something to do with the subject matter and the direct method of presentation. If we had time to discuss it we could refine that thought until we had something like this.   The poems speak  - about experience from the senses  - directly and with intensity  - about observation of nature   They seek to construct a clear and significant image in our minds or perhaps to juxtapose or contrast two such images. Usually it is an image from nature or from daily life. Perhaps though, to say that the poem 'constructs' the image in our mind is a bad way of saying it. Really the poem is reminding us of something we've already seen, heard or felt. That's how they manage to conjure up so complex an image with so few words. One possibility is to go with what you know now.   Let me first remind you of the rules I've already given you. The poem should be start with an image or a pair if them. It should be direct from sense experience, without metaphor, simile or rhyme. Haiku is of course a traditional Japanese form with further strict rules of construction. Not all are honoured outside Japan and even there some are defiantly broken. To what I've already stated let me add three more stipulations.   three lines with 5 syllables, 7 syllables, then 5  one kigo or season word  one kireji or cutting word   The first rule is the most well known and it is the one most mentioned by writers on the subject of haiku. The idea is simple. Write a line of five syllables, follow it with a seven-syllable line and then use five syllables to make the final line. This gives you two short lines divided by a longer one. It goes a long way to guiding the method of expression in the poem.   There is a good deal of controversy about this rule; but let's skip that for the moment and talk about the third. The kireji or cutting word is used to divide the haiku into two parts. Obviously this should be used to enhance the juxtaposition of images we discussed earlier. In English the tendency is to use punctuation, such as "-" or ":" to perform this function.   The second rule that requires the use of a kigo or season word helps establish the season or time of year that the poem describes. For English-language haiku this rule is taken to remind the writer that the poem should be grounded in nature.   But most important is that the form isn't the goal here. It's to write a good poem. So the exercise of writing haiku oneself is very important. Occasional reading and discussion on the form, tradition and history of haiku and reading others' haiku all help to feed the writing with new ideas and approaches.