urlLink No-Shame, No-Blame Creation Story   by Clare Puskarczyk   In the beginning...  there was an entity of light  within a lovely garden  which was also made of light.  A single being, with many aspects  living in peace and harmony.  When a serpent,  who knew well of matter said,  "Birth, Death, Rebirth."  The quality of the light being  that would become known  as the feminine said,  "Why Not? Exploration, process."  The masculine energy said,  "Structure, power."  And the serpent said,  Be aware, you may forget  who and what you really are."  She said, "We'll remember."  And she said to the masculine energy,  "I'll remind you of our light."  And he agreed,  and so they split in two,  into two separate beings,  and the Universe around them  became a duality, And they forgot.  And everything became heavy and  matter now mattered most of all.  Gravity became grave  in its seriousness  and grave as in death,  and they suffered,  and became ill,  and felt lost  and sometimes,  they almost remembered...  something.  and there were times...  when there was joy and light  but always a longing  to get back out of matter.  back to where?  And so they began to learn  how to use matter  and they thought they were powerful  and so a great battle began.  Everyone wanted to have power  power over matter  power over each other  power over thoughts and feelings  power over structures  especially the masculine beings  because their focus was structure.  And they took things apart  and made more...things.   And often...there was fear,  fear of each other,  fear of thoughts & feelings,  fear of the loss of structure.   Structures became institutions  But the feminine beings  were not preoccupied  with the institutions.  Instead they were occupied  with life,  with nature,  with babies  and a different order of things.   Sometimes...  she would remind him  of something,  but he thought he would  lose his power  if he remembered  and so he remained...forgetful.   And for this... he held power over her,  power over nature,  power over his own natural self,  as in control, repression, structure.   Fear kept these beings time-bound  and distanced them  from their light inside,  and their light remained interior  while they took everything apart.   Discovery pulled them forward  until almost everything  large and small  was in pieces.  what they didn't know was that  the external world was becoming  a reflection of themselves,  fragmented selves  with fragmented thoughts,  conflicts unresolved,  split inside.   And the external world  reflected opposites everywhere as in:  Good people don't kill, but...  we must have  war & weapons  to keep our power.  Good people don't lie, but...  we must deny and deceive  to keep our power.  Good people don't harm, but...  we must argue and abuse  to keep our power.   Yet behind all of this  there was still light,  and there were  those who would remember  something  and living differently  some of them stood out  as heroes...strangely enough.   Finally...  after many thousands of years,  when the world was full of  war and weapons,  denial and deception  and abuse of every kind,  and matter had contracted  as far as it could go,  little sparks of light  began to flash  more & more often  and remembering  began to manifest as:  concern for the environment,  conflict resolution,  love for one another  with integration and wholeness  bringing the fragments  back together.   Now...  individuals were creating community,  scientists discovering quantum leaps,  spiritual psychology learning  and teaching empowerment,  and the lights became brighter still.   Soon there were those  who remembered very well  that power was indeed interior,  that everything was made of light,  that evil meant  to live backwards in fear, and  that trust had  the vibrational quality  to bring light forward.   And that everyone together  had been Making it all up!   Even still...  people seemed to take sides.  And in the end,  those full of light  looked at those full of fear  and saw their light hidden inside  and loved them.   And those full of fear  looked at those full of love  and saw their light  and remembered their own,  and they all remembered together  and began to lighten up.  And soon  they found themselves  at home again... Back in the garden.