urlLink Some quotes   These are some interesting thoughts I found over the years. The reasons to choose those particular ones are many. Some of them are here because they are insightful, some because they made me think, some I just find cute or funny. For whatever it's worth, the quotes are in order they were added.  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  	"People create the reality they need in order to discover 	 themselves" 				Ernest Becker  	"The foolish reject what they see and not what they think;  	 the wise reject what they think and not what they see." 				Huang Po  	"Art is a lie that enables us to realize the truth." 				Pablo Picasso  	"`Friendship', said Christopher Robin, `is a very comforting  	 sort of thing to have'." 				A. A. Milne   	"Sapere aude" (have the courage to know) 				I. Kant  	"There is a tide in the affairs of men, 	 Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; 	 Omitted, all the voyage of their life 	 Is bound in shallows and in miseries." 				Shakespeare  	"The mystical is not HOW the world is, but THAT it is." 				Wittgenstein  	"A life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts." 				Kierkegaard  	"To change one man's life is to change them all" 				Talmud  	"Envy is ignorance, imitation is suicide." 				Emerson  	"The unexamined life is not worth living" 				Socrates  	"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all" 				Helen Keller  	"Take not counsel of your fears" 				Gen. George S. Patton  	"Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are correct." 				Henry Ford  	"The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible." 				Oscar Wilde  	"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." 				Anais Nin  	"Everything is only a metaphor; there is only poetry" 				Norman O. Brown  	"And once you have tasted flight, you will walk the earth with 	 your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there 	 you long to return." 				Leonardo Da Vinci  	"Every once in a while I suddenly find myself dancing." 				Fred Astaire  	"The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge." 				Bertrand Russell  	"A habit of basing convictions upon evidence, and of giving to 	them only that degree of certainty which the evidence 	warrants, would, if it became general, cure most of the ills 	from which the world is suffering." 				Bertrand Russell  	"Droll thing life is--that mysterious arrangement of merciless 	logic for a futile purpose.  The most you can hope from it is 	some knowledge of yourself--that comes too late--a crop of 	unextinguishable regrets." 				Joseph Conrad  	"Those that do, can't explain; those that don't, can't 	understand." 				Anonymous (?)  	"Persecution of opinion has an admirable effect upon literary 	style." 				Bertrand Russell  	"Life is what happens when you are making other plans." 				John Lennon  	"Great dancers are not great because of their technique; 	they're great because of their passion." 				Martha Graham  	"The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men 	to do nothing" 				Edmund Burke  	"Virtuous people are simply those who have not been tempted 	sufficiently, because they live in a vegetative state, or 	because their purposes are so concentrated in one direction 	that they have not had the leisure to glance around them." 				Isadora Duncan  	"Man finds nothing so intolerable as to be in a state of 	complete rest, without passions, without occupation, without 	diversion, without effort. Then he feels his nullity, 	loneliness, inadequacy, dependence, helplessness, emptiness." 				Blaise Pascal  	"Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the 	world, he is responsible for everything he does." 				Jean Paul Sartre  	"Existentialism isn't so atheistic that it wears itself out 	showing that God doesn't exist. Rather, it declares that even 	if God did exist, that would change nothing." 				Jean Paul Sartre  	"If man, as the existentialist conceives him, is indefinable, 	it is because at first he is nothing. Only afterward will he 	be something, and he himself will have made what he will be." 				Jean Paul Sartre  	"Do not wait for the last judgment. It takes place every day." 				Albert Camus  	"Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better." 				Albert Camus  	"Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is." 				Albert Camus  	"An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself." 				Albert Camus  	"But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man 	and the life he leads." 				Albert Camus  	"If, after all, men cannot always make history have meaning, 	they can always act so that their own lives have one." 				Albert Camus  	"In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments--there 	are consequences." 				Robert G. Ingersoll  	"A man is guilty of unpardonable arrogance who concludes, 	because an argument has escaped his own investigation, that 	therefore it does not really exist." 				David Hume  	"'Faith' means not wanting to know what is true." 				Friedrich Nietzsche 				 	"Your imagination is your preview of life's coming 	attractions." 				Albert Einstein  	"For every expert, there is an equal and opposite expert." 				Arthur C. Clarke -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Przemyslaw Pardyak  pardy@cs.washington.edu