Voyeurism   urlLink War in the digital age: Did you see that?  by Francis Till   Digital technology is bringing the war to the world in new, sometimes astonishingly immediate ways -- and the development is not always welcome.  Anyone caught without a television, for example, can watch a free, live webcast of downtown Bagdhad on a computer screen, 24/7, courtesy BBC News. That link works on internet-capable PDAs, by the way, which can hook up to wireless nets and provide broadband streams to anyone in an 802.11x cloud, even over coffee in a Starbucks anywhere.  Very early monday morning, that camera was trained on a bank of the Tigris river as Iraqi soldiers and police combed the reeds on the shore in search of what was later reported to be two downed American pilots.  The soldiers fired their automatic weapons into the river, violating whatever passes these days for the rules of handling capture, small boats flitted about in the water, angry crowds gathered on the bridge and along the river road.   The audio feed from the camera, which is adequate for loud sounds like traffic and bombs, caught the excited voices of the crowd and even some of the gunfire.  Al Jazeera cameramen were with the soldiers and moments after the webstream fed the images into computers all over the world, very similar pictures began to bloom on television as the Qatar-based station put its images up to satellites.  On BBC webstream 4, the talking heads in the newsroom were taking in the story and beginning to put it out to their global audience. BBC's webstream 4 is a duplicate feed of the news channel's broadcast, with slight variations: at times, it shows presenters during broadcast breaks, for example.  According to the presenters, RAF sources said they could account for all their flights and none were missing. Within 10 minutes, they had quotes from senior officials at the Pentagon making similar statements about American aircraft. Yet, clearly, something was taking place on the banks of the Tigris, where some of the gathered crowd had begun tossing torches into the reeds, hoping to burn the hiding airmen out.  Al Jazeera reported on television at that point that one American pilot had been captured and the crowd was searching for a second airman. According to Al Jazeera, both airmen had been seen parachuting into the river after their airplane had been shot down. Al Jazeera did not use modifiers.  Sky news, at that point, began inserting tag frames onto a picture of the search that quoted US Central Command saying that no coalition planes had been shot down.  On the webstream feed, the sky over Bagdhad began to show as a kind of eerie charcoal grey due to the plumes from burning oil pits, lit earlier in the day in a futile attempt to mask targets from the war planes and missiles.  Meanwhile, the webcam broadcast the sounds of an incoming air attack. Hours before, webcams and television cameras had streamed out images of long range bombers leaving remote bases. Now, they were quite possibly arriving over their target. A target full of civilians, exposed and too far away from shelters to reach what passes for safety in Bagdhad today.  As the crowd began to break up, heading for cover, word came over Sky News from American Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld that, indeed, a UK warplane, with two pilots, was missing. Not the Tornado shot down earlier by an American Patriot missile, but another.  But then, it was revealed, he was speaking in only general terms, without specific knowlege.  And finally, an astute BBC reporter pointed out that many things -- bombs, equipment -- came down from airplanes in parachutes. Which might explain the conspicuous absence of a crashed airplane.  BBC World News, unfortunately anchored at that mid-afternoon (London time) hour by an earnest second-stringer, reported it by saying that Rumsfeld had said American soldiers were missing and that an "allied aircraft" was missing. BBC's on-the-scene reporter had a firmer grasp of events, reminding the somewhat febrile broadcaster of what had been said in Washington only moments before.  To no avail -- because no matter how good the technology becomes, users will absorb only what they are willing to take in.  In America, England, Australia -- the countries flying planes into danger -- families would have been watching the screens of televisions and computers with dread. They were taking everything in, according to the raw testimony of Nancy Chamberlin, the wife of a fallen Marine, who had told NBC anchor Tom Browkaw a day before that she deeply admired what "all of the new technology is doing today to bring it (the war) into our homes. But for the mothers and the wives who are out there watching it is murder. It's heartbreak. We can't leave the television. Every tank, every helicopter. Is that my son?" After she hung up the phone, Brokaw broke up on the air. "War is not about technology," he said. "Behind everyone one of those computer graphics, there is a life at risk," LostRemote reported.  And, indeed, as the bombers drew closer to Bagdhad, authorities there admitted there were no captured pilots. And, perhaps, no plane shot down at all.  It's difficult to lie when the cameras are on.  And the cameras are always on, these days.  Even at 50 miles-per-hour.  Spectacular footage from NBC reporter David Bloom, that has become a staple of the audience devoting its share to that network, is being made possible by a truck-sized transmision platform that keeps honed in on satellites even while rampaging across difficult terrain. The equipment is from Maritime Telecommunications Network (MTN), of Miramar, Florida, and the broadcasts must be seen to be believed.  But even though it is ALL digital, it's not all cameras.  The websites of Iraqi national television, the state news agency and the government were all still online Friday, although working poorly under what internet analysts said are huge surges in traffic. The websites appear to have been abandoned, for the most part, however, with out of date information and broken links to live feeds. By Sunday night, it was almost impossible to reach any of the Uruklink sites, and while the Iraq television spash page was easily accessible, its link to "live coverage" was broken.  The Iraqi News Agency site, part of the Uruklink system, has been in trouble for some time, if links are to be believed. It contains an outdated link to the former website of the Iraq Satellite Channel (www.iraqtv.ws) which has since been taken over by what appears to be a Christian expatriate group dedicated to the overthrow of the regime.  According to Brian McWilliams of pc-radio.com, "Web surfers have encountered intermittent problems reaching Uruklink.net, the Iraq government's main website, after the US launched its initial attack Wednesday night. But those access difficulties were apparently due to a surge of Internet visitors rather than to damage from the bombing.  "In fact, traffic to Uruklink.net is hitting record levels, according to counters at the site. The homepage of Uruklink.net had over 10,000 visits yesterday, and is on pace to hit 14,000 today. That would represent the busiest day at the site since the counter was installed in December. The previous traffic record occurred on Feb. 9, when the site's address was published in the Drudge Report."  McWilliams told Politech, a web-based newsgroup run by journalist Declan McCullagh, that the main Iraqi internet sites may only be visible to visitors from outside the country, but that the country's two mail servers were still operational and responding to ping inquiries.  We suggest sending email to Saddam.   - www.nbr.co.nz