urlLink Weekly Review - May 27, 2003: Harper's Magazine  The United States and several other countries banned Canadian beef after a mad cow was discovered in Alberta. Officials were quick to point out that there was no evidence that beef from the cow, which was slaughtered in January, had entered the food chain, although they admitted that the carcass had been sent to a rendering plant and that the protein produced by the plant is sometimes used in pet food. "I want to stress from the beginning this is one cow," said the minister of agriculture. "Don't try to leave the impression that this animal went into the feed chain." Last year more than 500,000 head of cattle were exported from Alberta to the United States. Prime Minister Jean Chretien made a public show of eating a steak. SARS continued to spread in Toronto, and Britain's foreign office told travelers to avoid Taiwan because of the continuing outbreak there. The SARS virus was found in six masked palm civit cats and in a raccoon dog; SARS antibodies were also found in a Chinese ferret badger. Investigators said it was probable that the virus had jumped from one of the Chinese delicacies to humans. A new television channel devoted exclusively to SARS opened in Singapore. A British man who walked alone to the North Pole was sitting there waiting for somebody to come give him a ride home, and a 70-year-old Japanese man climbed Mount Everest. A wild turkey was found perched on a 28th-floor balcony in Manhattan.   American intelligence officials decided that two trailers found in Iraq were used to manufacture bioweapons even though they had found no evidence that the trailers were used for that purpose. Bush Administration officials claimed to have "rock-hard intelligence" that an Al Qaeda cell operating in Iran had directed the recent bombings in Saudi Arabia. Donald Rumsfeld, the secretary of defense, was asked to describe the role played by the Iranian cell; he said he knew but wasn't "going to get into it. That's for others to do." State Department officials revealed that the administration was planning to destabilize the Iranian government; others were more worried about the Al Qaeda cells in Saudi Arabia said to be plotting new attacks. American interrogators were forcing Iraqi prisoners to listen to songs by the rock band Metallica  as well as the "Sesame Street" theme song and the "I Love You" song by Barney the purple dinosaur  in order to make them talk. "These people haven't heard heavy metal. They can't take it," said one Psy Ops officer. "If you play it for 24 hours, your brain and body functions start to slide, your train of thought slows down and your will is broken. That's when we come in and talk to them." The Pentagon announced that it was changing the name of the Total Information Awareness project to "Terrorist Information Awareness." The program will search for data patterns that suggest terrorist activity; the project is also funding research into "human kinematics" and "gait recognition," apparently so that terrorists can be identified by their "walking style." It occurred to several prominent Democratic senators that the president might have deliberately exaggerated the threat posed by Iraq in order to scare people into supporting an invasion. Senator Pat Roberts, a Republican from Kansas, said he believed that weapons of mass destruction would be found, but added that "basically, you have a real credibility problem" if they are not. Former Iraqi soldiers were beginning to get restless; about 50 demonstrated in Basra and demanded that their salaries be paid by the occupiers: "If they don't pay us, we'll start problems," said one. "We have guns at home. If they don't pay us, if they make our children suffer, they'll hear from us." Members of the Arab Saraefien tribe near the Iranian border were also threatening to take up arms. "The Americans promised us food and medicine and freedom. But we have lost our homes, our land, our crops. Now we live in prison with nothing, and they ignore us," said Hadeb Hamed Hamed, the tribe's sheikh. "If we don't have a solution, we will fight the Americans even if they kill us. It is better than sitting here with nothing and just dying." In Morocco, a satirist was sentenced to four years in prison for "insulting the king" and "undermining the monarchy." The Dixie Chicks were booed at the Academy of Country Music Awards.   Christine Todd Whitman resigned as head of the Environmental Protection Agency and said that President Bush had been "hurt" by his inability to explain his environmental policies. The House of Representatives voted to exempt the Pentagon from environmental laws that protect animals such as the tidewater goby fish, the Arroyo toad, the San Diego fairy shrimp, and the coastal California gnatcatcher. Governor Jeb Bush of Florida signed a bill that could delay the restoration of the Everglades for ten years. The town of Sublimity, Oregon, was trying to sell its old unwanted water tower on Ebay. The Republican Party was selling lunch with Karl Rove, the president's political adviser, to anyone who can raise $50,000, and the Center for Public Integrity reported that Federal Communications Commission officials have taken more than two thousand trips to tourist destinations such as Las Vegas and New Orleans that were paid for by media and telecommunications companies. It was reported that Republican fund-raisers who bring in at least $200,000 for the 2004 campaign will be called "Rangers"; those who bring in $100,000 get to be called "Pioneers." The number of Christians who tithe was down 62 percent compared with last year. Israel formally accepted the "road map" to peace, and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said that "the moment has arrived to divide this tract of land between us and the Palestinians." A new genetic study found that chimpanzees and humans are so closely related that chimps should be classified as humans. James Brown was pardoned. Grape farmers were going broke in California. Roger D. Hodge  Copyright  2003 Harper's Magazine Foundation.