urlLink Yahoo! News - Iraqis Test Newfound Press Freedoms  Mon May 19, 9:37 AM ET  Add World - AP to My Yahoo!    By BASSEM MROUE, Associated Press Writer   BAGHDAD, Iraq - On one street in the capital, a vendor shouts out news he would have been arrested for trumpeting just weeks ago: "Read all about Saddam's double!" A woman skids her car to a stop and asks for a copy of Assaah, a newspaper published in Iraq without government supervision.   Iraqis are now enjoying media freedoms unheard of in the eight decades since the nation was established by British colonialists.   During the last part of Saddam Hussein (news - web sites)'s 23-year presidency, no foreign newspapers were allowed into Iraq. Satellite dishes were banned, and cable television was prohibitively expensive. The sole windows to the outside world were radio stations like the BBC, Paris-based Radio Monte Carlo, and the U.S. government's SAWA Radio.   Since the regime was overthrown in early April, a throng of freewheeling newspapers, radio and television stations have sprung up to replace the turgid, sycophantic media under Saddam. In the days immediately following the dictatorship's collapse, the country was left without any newspapers. State-run television and radio stations went off the air.   The vacuum was quickly filled by papers published by anti-Saddam groups in northern Iraq's Kurdish areas, such as al-Itihad ("Union") and Nidaa al-Mustaqbal ("Call of the Future"), which made their way to Baghdad. The London-based Arabic-language newspaper al-Hayat became the first foreign daily to be sold in the country on April 17.   Within days, new newspapers began appearing on the streets. Three independent radio stations and several local television stations went on the air.   "It is still too early to speak about the freedom of the press," said Ali Abdel-Amir, senior editor of Nidaa al-Mustaqbal, a newspaper of the Iraqi National Accord, a longtime umbrella organization for Iraqi opposition groups.   "There is anarchy now," Abdel-Amir said. "Many of these people working in the press are not professional or objective."   The U.S.-led military coalition that occupied the country has two radio networks of its own, one run by former employees of station previously owned by Saddam's elder son, Odai. Information Radio features news announcements, Arabic music and even Western music like the occasional rendition of "The Power of Love" by Huey Lewis and the News.   Another station, Radio of the Iraqi Republic, run by former Information Ministry officials, urges listeners to forget the past and work together for a better future.   In Baghdad, viewers can tune into the coalition information channel or watch channels from neighboring Iran, primarily the Arabic-language Al-Aalam.   Ali al-Fatlawi, a reporter who worked previously for government newspapers, says working for Assaah is much better.   "There is more freedom and more openness," he said. "The red lines have been lifted, and we can express ourselves freely and without threats."