Why are Women Leaving Corporate America and Where are They Going? by Denise Grer   urlLink http://www.cobolreport.com/columnists/denise/07292002.asp   In todays fast paced world, people are expected to change jobs many times and even change careers several times in their lifetime.  Even so, women are leaving corporate America at twice the rate of men.  Why are they leaving and where are they going?  Many are leaving because they are fed up with the obstacles thrown in their path solely due to their gender.  Many have seen their careers make slower progress than their male colleagues, not due to their competence but due to what has been coined as the glass ceiling.  Many need and want more autonomy and flexibility that corporate America is not willing to give.  Many simply want to be their own boss and do for themselves what they have been doing for their employers.  For all these reasons and more, large numbers of women are leaving high paying and challenging jobs to start their own businesses.  A majority of these organizations are wildly successful.  Women-owned businesses are growing more rapidly than the overall economy and becoming major contributors to the U.S. overall economic health and competitiveness.    Why Are Women Leaving? Even though women are making inroads into the executive suites of corporations, they are moving at a snails pace.  The glass ceiling is still firmly in existence and holding many women back.  Thus, the first logical hypothesis would be that women are leaving to start their own companies because they have run into too many roadblocks at their current institutions.  In fact, the glass ceiling was the highest ranked reason given by a survey of women entrepreneurs (23% of respondents) (Moore and Buttner 1997).  In addition, an almost equal number of women (21%) stated that creating a work environment more consistent with their values was the main reason they started their own company.  In a different study by Catalyst, the highest ranked reasons women gave for leaving a company were lack of flexibility (51%), the glass ceiling (29%), unhappiness with the work environment (28%), and feeling unchallenged in their job (22%) (Catalyst 1998).  This suggests that women are being driven from traditional corporations due to blockades to career advancement and poor work environments.  This further suggests that these entrepreneurs are not only driven by a desire to create a viable business but to be able to make a difference in their companys direction and to integrate their work into their lifestyle, in other words, job autonomy, freedom, and flexibility.  In many cases, women feel they need meaningful work in order to have a fulfilling and meaningful life.  This cannot be accomplished if they are expected to fit into a niche and morph themselves into a corporate identity.    Another factor is many women feel they are undervalued.  In fact, pay equity is still a problem.  In the year 2000, women made 87 cents to every dollar a man made (Chao 2001).  More specifically, in the year 2000 women technicians earn 81.2%, computer programmers 89.6%, engineers 84.3%, mathematical and computer scientists 85.4%, and natural scientists 72.1% of what their male counterparts earn (USDoL 2001).  Another interesting statistic is married women with children (less than 18 years old) make 96.2% of their female counterparts who do not have children.  However there is virtually no difference in pay (99.3%) between married men with children and married men with no children.  This discrepancy could be attributed to the fact that mothers still take on a larger burden of care for their children than the fathers and this affects their careers.  To counteract this problem, women need support and flexibility for balancing work and family so they can be 100% productive in both.  Many view this support as something the company should provide.  When the company does not come through, women perceive this as a key contributor to a poor working environment and opt to start their own business where they have more control over such factors.  How Can Corporations Reverse This Trend? In todays knowledge based economy the loss of high-level women in corporations is a loss in intellectual capital, knowledge, and connections.  The loss of good people also precipitates low morale and uncertainty among the staff and incurs the cost of recruiting, hiring, and training replacements.  All of this can be avoided in many cases through low cost and innovative programs and changes to the work culture and environment (Donahue 1998).    A corporations first step is to determine why women are leaving their company in particular.  This could involve obtaining feedback from the employees through interviews or surveys (with a guarantee of confidentiality) and directed questions in exit interviews.  Statistics must be gathered to understand the extent of the problem.  These could include the numbers of women and men entering and leaving the company at different levels, the promotion rate for women and men, the percentage of women in higher management position and where those positions are located (e.g., engineering vs. human resources), and relative salaries grouped by experience, reviews, responsibilities, and other criteria.  Gender inequity issues should be openly discussed without fear of repercussion.  In particular, discussions could center around whether the performance standards are objective and appropriate, whether women are visible enough (or at all) in highly respected positions, the identification of male only traditions, and how mentoring is and should be conducted within the company.    It is only when the key problem areas are identified that initial steps can be taken to correct them.  Based on this research, goals and solutions to these problems must be formulated and mapped out and then finally implemented.  It is crucial that the company, all the way up to the executive office, is fully supportive of this effort.  Managers must be held responsible for implementing the procedures and meeting the defined goals for gender equity.    Some example activities are: being proactive in identifying high potential women and providing mentoring and support for their upward career movement; making the higher ranking women more visible to the rest of the company; ensuring job searches include qualified women candidates; and providing flexibility in the workplace through flextime, onsite or supported childcare, and telecommuting.   Women tend to learn more from other people in the company than their male counterparts (Van Velsor and Hughes 1990).  Thus, mentoring and executive development are crucial for the upward movement and retention of women in the organization.  Another key factor that professional women state over and over again for leaving a company is they felt underutilized and undervalued.  This is in large part due to the necessity of constantly proving their competence because they are different from the one good model (i.e., male).  Other models that fit women management styles should be accepted and encouraged throughout the corporation.    Essentially the bottom line is: why should women devote all their efforts to fit into an unfriendly culture when they can leave and start their own business?  If business organizations are genuinely concerned about this loss of talent, they must immediately start making changes to their culture and be proactive about the recruitment and retention of women.  Given the move towards a global economy and need for more diversity, corporations cannot afford to ignore the large pool of talented professional women.  Characteristics and Culture of Women Owned Businesses Starting a company is a difficult road, fraught with hurdles, setbacks, and barriers.  However, the professional women who are starting their own businesses are finding that they enjoy the empowerment, excitement, and flexibility.  They are doing things their way, implementing their ideas and management styles.    For high tech businesses, the majority of women-owned firms are in the biotechnology industry (46%) with 29% in information technology.  Just the opposite is true for men with 47% in information technology and 33% in biotechnology (NFWBO 2001b).  This follows current trends in bachelor degree awards in the U.S.  The most recent statistics from the Department of Education show women graduates at 58.3% of B.S. graduates in biological and life sciences and only 28.1% in computer and information science (NCES 2001).   No matter what the business area is, women bring a different management style and culture to the table.  NFWBO found that 53% of women business owners emphasize right-brain thinking (creativity and values-based decision making), while the majority of male business owners (71%) stress left-brain thinking such as methodological and procedural analysis (NFWBO 1994).  The same study found that two-thirds of women business owners tended to weigh options and reflect internally before decision making more so than their male counterparts (66% vs. 56%), who tended to emphasize action and give more attention to external events.    The attributes of a companys leadership have a strong effect on the culture of the workplace.  Women entrepreneurs are more likely to describe their workplace in family terms and work within a network of business relationships.  Men entrepreneurs, on the other hand, tend to think more in hierarchical terms and focus on establishing clear rules and procedures (NFWBO 1994; Grer 2001).  The NFWBO study also found that in addition to monetary gain, women tend to derive success from building relationships with customers and employees and having control over their own destiny.  Men on the other hand, derive success from the satisfaction of a job well done and achieving desired goals.  Thus, womens leadership approaches are more likely to bring about an environment that is a web of inclusion (see Grer 2001; Helgesen 1995), while mens leadership is more likely to encourage hierarchical organizations with a top down approach.   Another characteristic of women owned businesses is that they are more likely to offer environments that help provide balance in their employees lives through programs such as flextime, tuition reimbursement, and job sharing.  Only 30% of small businesses (less than 25 employees) offer flextime, while 40% of women owned small businesses do.  For large businesses (greater than 25 employees), 40% of women-owned firms provide flextime as compared to only 19% of all large firms (NFWBO 1994).  In addition, 21% of women-owned small businesses offer tuition reimbursement programs, as compared to only 8% of all small businesses.    Diversity is another factor that can be affected by company leadership.  Not surprisingly, women-owned firms tend to employ a more gender-balanced workforce.  Women-owned businesses employ half women and half men (52% women and 48% men).  Men-owned firms, on the other hand, employ only 38% women and 62% men (NFWBO 2000a).    The Success of Women-Owned Businesses From an economic viewpoint, women owned businesses are quite successful.  In 1999, women-owned businesses numbered at 9.1 million, employed over 27.5 million people, and generated over $3.6 trillion in sales (NFWBO 1999).  Of these businesses established in the last decade, the average earns $500,000 or more in revenue.  These businesses are also financially stable.  Women owned firms are as likely to pay bills on time and are as financially sound as all U.S. firms (CWBR 1995).  Businesses owned by women are the most rapidly expanding sector of the economy.  The growth in the number of women-owned firms, employment, and revenue exceeded the rate of growth of all businesses in 1997 (USCB 1997).  From 1987 to 1999, the number of women-owned firms increased by 103%, employment grew by 320%, and sales shot up by 436%.  With respect to high tech firms, a higher percentage of women-owned high tech firms are fast growing than men-owned firms, 48% vs. 28% (NFWBO 2001a), although women-owned firms are in the minority in the high tech sector.    Still Some Difficulties Even though women-owned firms on average are very successful, there are still obstacles faced due to gender.  One key difficulty is most women owners of fast-growth firms are less likely to have entrepreneurial mentors or role models, past experience in owning a business, or an executive professional background.  These are all crucial in assisting the entrepreneur along the path of success.    Women entrepreneurs of fast growth firms have to depend more on personal debt and business earnings for financing than their male colleagues.  Only 39% of women-owned firms have a commercial bank loan vs. 52% of men-owned firms.  In addition, equity capital for women-owned businesses typically comes from informal investors such as family members and individual angel investors (73%) with only 15% from venture capital firms (NFWBO 2000b).  Women owners of fast-growth firms are also less likely to share ownership of their firms with outside investors (28% for women vs. 49% for men) (NFWBO 2001b).  This reliance on personal and informal debt is holding women-owned firms back since high growth depends in large part to being able to leverage debt and equity.    Given these factors, it is crucial that women are given access to entrepreneurship information and mentoring in order to succeed.  There are currently programs that strive towards these goals  many of which can be linked to via the Center for Women's Business Researchs website at http://www.nfwbo.org  Catalyst for Change? The management style, work culture, and employee benefits offered by women-owned companies not only provide for powerful economic forces, but are influential social forces as well.  Interestingly, the concerns of women in the workplace are also starting to apply to men as well.  A recent survey of technology professionals by Webgrrls, in western New York, found that both men and women were experiencing an imbalance between their work and home life (38% of respondents) (Drury 2001).  Men are now beginning to demand more of a balance between their personal and work life.  In addition, men are taking more of a role in raising their children and other nontraditional male at-home responsibilities.  It is now possible to find stay-at-home dads where the mom is the sole source of income for the family.  However, it is still the majority of women who are concerned with work/life balance and quality of work environments.  The Webgrrls survey found 76% of women feel their work environment is very important versus 51% of men.  Even so, there is a substantial number of men who are starting to realize they want to spend more time outside of work and that a pleasant productive work environment is important.  As the workforce and business leadership become more diverse and markets become more global, the workplace culture is slowly evolving.  The tides of change are coming for more flexible and family or people-friendly workplaces.  Regardless of the effect on workplace environments, it is clear that more and more businesses are being created and run by women.  These businesses are largely successful and it is not too wild of a speculation to state that the women-owned businesses of today will become the Fortune 500 companies of the future.  References Catalyst (1998) Women Entrepreneurs: Why Companies Lose Female Talent and What They Can Do About It, see  urlLink http://www.catalystwomen.org   Chao, E. L.  (2001) Report on the American Workforce, U.S. Department of Labor.  CWBR (1995) Women-Owned Businesses Outpace all U.S. Firms: National Study Reveals Startling New Statistics, Center for Womens Business Research, see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   Donahue, K.B. (1998) Why Women Leave  And What Corporations Can Do About It,  Harvard Management Update, No. U9806C, pp. 3-4, June.  Drury, T. (2001) Tech Professionals Seeking Some Balance, Business First, Buffalo, December 10, 2001 edition, see  urlLink    Grer, D. (2001) The New Management, Cobolreport,  urlLink    Helgesen, S. (1995) The Web of Inclusion. New York, New York: Doubleday.   Moore, D. P. and Buttner, E. H. (1997) Women Entrepreneurs: Moving Beyond the Glass Ceiling, Sage Publications, Thousand Oaks, California.  NCES (2001) Digest of Education Statistics, National Center for Education Statistics, U.S. Department of Education, Washington, D.C. see  urlLink  http://nces.ed.gov   NFWBO (2001a) Entrepreneurial Vision in Action: Exploring Growth Among Women- and Men-Owned Firms, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research)  see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   NFWBO (20001b) Entrepreneurial Vision in Action: Exploring Growth Among Women- and Men Owned Firms, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research) see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   NFWBO (2000a) Business Owners and Gender Equity in the Workplace, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research) see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   NFWBO (2000b) Women Entrepreneurs in the Equity Capital Markets: The New Frontier, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research) see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   NFWBO (1999) Women-Owned Businesses Top 9 Million in 1999, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research) see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   NFWBO (1994) Styles of Success: The Thinking and Management Styles of Women and Men Business Owners, The National Foundation for Women Business Owners (now called Center for Womens Business Research) see  urlLink http://www.nfwbo.org/Research   USCB (1997) 1997 Survey of Women-Owned Business Enterprises, U.S. Census Bureau. See  urlLink http://www.census.gov/csd/mwb   USDoL (2001) Highlights of Womens Earnings in 2000, U.S. Department of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics, Report 952, August.  Van Velsor, E. and Hughes, M. (1990) Gender Differences in the Development of Managers: How Women Managers Learn from Experience, Center for Creative Leadership, Greensboro, North Carolina   About The Author   Dr. Denise W. Gurer is a computer scientist with a long standing interest in issues of concern to women in technology. She has researched and published on many related topics such as women in the history of computer science, statistics on women in computing, mentoring and role modeling, girl computer games, and more. To keep her busy she is a member of the ACM Council, Co-Chair of ACM's Committee on Women in Computing, a member of the Editorial Board of IEEE Annals of the History of Computing, a member of the Institute for Women and Technology Advisory Board, and a mother of a lively one year old girl. She is working towards and hoping for a more egalitarian world for her daughter when she grows up.   Denise has technical expertise in several areas of artificial intelligence (AI), including intelligent tutoring systems; case-based reasoning; expert systems; cognitive modeling; and AI applications to digital network management. Her academic background includes: B.S. physics (1985), Indiana University of Pennsylvania; M.S. physics (1987); M.S. computer science (1991); and Ph.D. computer science (1993), Lehigh University.