Damn, this article is about my friend Bill and his cars.    urlLink South Seattle Star : Heap of the Week    Bill Jacobs' '69 Dodge van isn't pretty, but in some ways that makes it all the better for the uses he puts it to. On a recent sunny afternoon, the van held a load of llama manure bound for the vegetable beds at his Beacon Hill home, and a slant-6 engine Jacobs will install in another of his vehicles, a '63 Dart. And there was a Toyota engine in there, too. (Jacobs is partial to old Dodges and Toyotas. He also owns a banged-up Toyota pickup he bought for 50 bucks. He replaced the timing chain and has since driven the truck clear across the country.)   The van is unusual in that it has double doors on both sides, which makes loading and unloading stuff like llama manure and slant-6 engines a heck of a lot easier. And then there are the unusual duties it has served in its 33 years. One previous owner made modifications to accommodate a wheelchair-using family member. And back when the van was new it was an animal control truck.  "I don't think they called it that back then," Jacobs said. "I think they called it the dog-catcher van. It was up in the San Juan Islands; I think that's why it has the rust."  In the three or four years he has owned it, Jacobs, an auto mechanic by training, has rebuilt the engine and the transmission. "It was so much work getting it out, I figured I would do it all," he said.  "I'm not going to tell you how much money I've put into it," he said, but he did allow that sending the radiator out to be re-cored set him back nearly as much as he paid for the van.  "I found the van on the Internet," Jacobs said. "This guy wanted $400 for it. The picture looked so good, but when I got there it looked like (bleep!)." So Jacobs bargained the price down.  "I paid $300 for the van and $250 to have the radiator rebuilt," he said. "They don't sell these anymore, so I had to have it rebuilt."    Jacobs, who will turn 34 this year, is thinking of getting out of the wrench-turning trade ("I don't know if I'll keep doing this kind of work," he said), but his skills make feasible owning and operating vehicles as old or older than he is. And while he acknowledges that the van isn't in great shape, he has no interest in parting with it.   "There's no way I could ever sell it and get back what I've put into it," he said.  That rebuilt engine certainly sounds healthy, but Jacobs admits the van doesn't run as well as it could.  "It would be nice to say that," he said. "It doesn't run perfect, but it gets the job done."