Cancer  07/09/03 - (Your lucky number is 6) This Wednesday is a time of good fortune - things open up in a very natural way for you. Situations are almost as if they were prepared in advance by some higher power. At any rate, it will be easy to see which path to take for your birthday year. You will be wanting to eliminate the things that confuse and delay your progress. Perhaps in scanning your working area you will be able to eliminate some of the unnecessary clutter, old files, etc. Clearing away the old and making way for the new is the attitude now. Your sense of responsibility will guide you in your affairs and duties today. Increased confidence may be the key that opens many a new door in your career. There are plenty of stimulating conversations for you to enjoy this afternoon. HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Ashley thanks psychic Danielle for honesty in her reading.   Your Birthday Forecast - July 9 - Financial stability is the main focus this year as Saturn compels you to set up new disciplines and establish a more realistic plan of action for the future. Ending a connection or partnership that has become stagnant will open the door to healthier relationships. Take a risk that moves you outside your comfort zone to discover hidden talents and new ideas. New social connections arrive through classes or involvement in a creative activity. Discipline and structure are essential now; you need to move efficiently so you have enough time to nurture your sensitive Cancer nature. Increased energy will be yours if you commit to more physical exercise and healthier eating habits. A change of heart is inevitable in the last few months of 2003 as you realize that your thoughts are the only thing holding you back! Your lucky months are July and October. Your lucky numbers are 9, 17, 29, 31 and 32.   Your Horoscope for July 9, 2003 IF WEDNESDAY, JULY 9TH IS YOUR BIRTHDAY: The most important thing over the coming 12 months is that you focus your energies and your considerable talents in a single direction, which in turn means that you are going to have to decide, once and for all, where your true talents lie. It won't be easy - especially because you have so many competing interests - but if you don't specialize, you may never reach your full potential.   If today is your birthday, this is for you! You have a way with words this year, especially regarding love. Make sure you talk yourself into a lifestyle that you'll flourish within. No more fooling around. This year it's for keeps.  FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 9, 2003: Birthday Baby: You will take a very dedicated approach to life and you will not let down anyone who counts on you. You will be a strong contender and will never give in to failure or any form of weakness.