Realization: The Poori Effect: How We Sometimes Fool Ourselves  Just seated in an Indian vegetarian buffet restaurant with a friend, a beaming waitress comes along, "Poori or nan (traditional flour-based foods)?" I replied "Two nans please." She remarked enthusiastically, "Oh, would you like to try the poori?" "No." She smiled on, "They are very nice. Have you tried them before? You should try!" I smiled weakly, "Okay one poori and one nan." I tried poori before, but prefer nan. But she was so unknowingly pushy that I patronised her. She walked by later, saw the empty plate, and asked, once again, beaming happily, "Was the poori nice?" My friend smiled sheepishly and gave a weak nod. She too prefers nan. The waitress smiles back, moving off to serve another "happy" customer.   I call this "The Poori Effect." It is the unmindful shaping of the world according to one's perceptions. The waitress already made up her mind as to what we should try before asking- her favourite. Due to the way she carried herself, we "naturally obliged". We were later "obliged" to give her a positive response- out of "courtesy". The result was a totally deluded idea of our opinion of poori. We might have made her day in the worldly sense, but at the expense of reinforcing her delusion. We sometimes "unwittingly" mirror the world - the world smiles and we smile back. But is your smile true? On the other hand, is your smiling "forcing" the world to smile back reluctantly or genuinely? We see what we want to see. I know friends who seemingly get along well with others, who ironically talk behind their backs. The Poori Effect is a case of two-way hypocrisy- bad faith. We are at times not mindfully sincere enough to discover how the world truly feels about us and present ourselves in a way that will not receive negative feedback. This is hypocrisy to oneself and others, even though there might be some genuine goodwill within. When we patronise in return, giving positive feedback which is ungenuine, it is hypocrisy too. Either way, anyone being hypocritical is being untrue. Can we learn to speak true and wise words, about what we feel, in a kind way? Even if the truth bites a little, does it matter? Since it is "sugar-coated" with kindness, the truth should be more digestible, right?    Asking is hypocritical, to oneself and others, if you do so with an answer in mind. Some even cling on to the answer in their mind when they receive an answer they do not like. "No no, what does he know? Pooris are the best!" Do you stop to reflect that the world does not have the same perception as you? But what is the truth about preferences and opinions? Preferences are about personal likes and dislikes (feelings that arise from attachment and aversion) that arise with our clouded perception- and the Buddha says that feelings and perceptions are illusory. Because we do not see things as they truly are (have wrong perception), we develop feelings of wanting to hold or reject. Everything changes fleetingly in the moment, some noticeable, some less. Pooris might taste much better if I let go of my aversion? Nans might be just as good to the waitress if she lets go of hers?   Let us cultivate a mind with greater equanamity - a calm and balanced mental state uncluttered by likes and dislikes. The more equanimous the mind is, the more sincere one is to oneself and others. When we ask a question for opinion with an equanimous state of mind, we are able to more accurately receive and analyse the answers others give objectively. This is crucial to both worldly and spiritual discernment. Only so can we realise the truth in its entire spectrum, from pooris to nans, to understanding ourselves and the world at large - leading to Enlightenment! -  urlLink shian@TheDailyEnlightenment.com