urlLink The Transformation Tarot : "A king went into his garden and found wilted and dying trees, shrubs and flowers. The oak said it was dying because it could not be tall like the pine. Turning to the pine, he found it drooping because it was unable to bear grapes like the vine. And the vine was dying because it could not blossom like the rose. He found Heart's-ease blooming and as fresh as ever. Upon inquiry, he received this reply:   'I took it for granted that when you planted me you wanted Heart's-ease. If you had desired an oak, a vine or a rose, you would have planted them. So I thought that since you put me here, I should do the best I can to be what you want. I can be nothing but what I am, and I am trying to be that to the best of my ability.'   You are here because this existence needs you as you are. Otherwise somebody else would have been here!--existence would not have helped you to be here, would not have created you. You are fulfilling something very essential, something very fundamental, as you are. If God wanted a Buddha he could have produced as many Buddhas as he wanted. He produced only one Buddha--that was enough, and he was satisfied to his heart's desire, utterly satisfied. Since then he has not produced another Buddha or another Christ.   He has created you instead. Just think of the respect that the universe has given to you! You have been chosen, not Buddha, not Christ, not Krishna. You will be needed more, that's why. You fit more now. Their work is done, they contributed their fragrance to existence. Now you have to contribute your fragrance.   But the moralists, the puritans, the priests, they go on teaching you, they go on driving you crazy. They say to the rose, 'Become a lotus.' And they say to the lotus, 'What are you doing here? You have to become something else." They drive the whole garden crazy, everything starts dying--because nobody can be anybody else, that is not possible.   That's what has happened to humanity. Everybody is pretending. Authenticity is lost, truth is lost, everybody is trying to show that he is somebody else. Just look at yourself: you are pretending to be somebody else. And you can be only yourself--there is no other way, there has never been, there is no possibility that you can be anybody else. You will remain yourself. You can enjoy it and bloom, or you can wither away if you condemn it."