urlLink I-Ching Reading :  "Personal resolution points to a breakthrough, but decisive action is necessary. As long as you diligently hold your ground and ward off negative tendencies or evil influences, the good will prevail.  The persistence of evil is a constant in human affairs; just when it is thought to have been eradicated, up it will pop again, sprouting through some crack in the pavement of decent society. Evil need not take extravagant, forms, such as those exhibited in Nazi Germany. Garden-variety lies and deceit are much more common and persistent, but should be rooted out just as diligently. One must be resolved against negativity - whether in one's social or professional life, or in one's own soul. In either case, definite rules must be followed for the struggle to succeed.  The first rule: do not compromise with evil. Negative actions must be identified openly for what they are, and discredited. The second: one cannot resist negativity on its own terms. New, positive alternatives which lead away from the source of the problem are generally more successful, and appropriate, than to counter negativity with raw power. The third rule: the means used to counter negativity must be consistent with the end to be achieved. One cannot stop the spreading of lies by spreading more of them.  Spring is approaching. Good times ahead seems inevitable; there is vitality in the air. This is a most auspicious time. Like a snake emerging from hibernation, negative forces are only just beginning to stir, and can be effectively controlled. This is a time of hopeful progress, and must be used to best advantage. When approaching good fortune, conscientious work pays great dividends. A clear road lies ahead.  Act now, for at some point this ripe opportunity for advancement will be reversed. No spring lasts forever. It's always wise to stay alert and note the changing signs of the times.  Spring is always the season of new relationships. In the bounty of good times, new bonds are formed effortlessly. Relationships born in spring can serve well to warm the following autumn and winter."