------------------------ Yahoo! Groups ---------------------~--> Bodhi Mail  - http://groups.yahoo.com/group/bodhimail -----------------------------------------------------------------------  Message: 1    Date: Tue, 07 Oct 2003 14:48:42 -0500    From: "SD"   Subject: we donot pray to Buddha to save us  Develop wisdom to overcome Avijjaa  By P. S. Mahawatte   Almost all religions in the world except Buddhism have as their foundation a creator God and an immortal soul. Let us briefly examine the core beliefs of a few of these religions.  The core belief in Hinduism is, after death one joins Paramathma. They are required to have utmost Faith in the Trio- Brahma - (Creator); Vishnu - (Ruler) and Shiva- (Destroyer) of the Universe. To them, Moksya could be achieved only after death. There are other gods such as Ganapathy and Skanda and by having faith in them, they can pray to enable them to find security and lead prosperous lives.  Buddhists, too, visit these Kovils and pray to these Gods seeking mundane help to overcome their various day to day problems. But unlike Hindus, the Buddhists perform meritorious acts and transfer the merit thus acquired, to Gods and seek their help. According to Buddhism Gods are unable to commit meritorious acts by themselves. The Buddha said that people pray out of fear and that fear is due to inability to understand things as they really are. This is due to Avijja - nescience or ignorance and the Buddha has taught his disciples how to develop the Wisdom needed to bring to an end this Avijja.  Almighty God  Christianity which came to be long after Hinduism also believes in an Almighty God as the creator of the universe. They are expected to have complete faith in the Trinity - Father, Son and the Holy Ghost. This appears to have some similarity to the Hindu trio Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. Their Mokshya which they believe as joining their soul with the Creator, can be achieved only after death and that too, only with Gods love and repenting for their sins and prayer. They cannot achieve Mokshya by their own efforts.  Islam also requires absolute faith in Almighty Allah and is also based on Atma - Soul and to have utmost faith in the Creator God and to pray daily, so that after death they join their Creator - Mokshya.  The followers of the above religions hold fast to the belief that there is an immortal soul somewhere within them, which they want to continue to exist forever, by joining with their Creator.  Let us now listen to what the Buddha had to say on this subject. A Bhikku once asked the Buddha Ven. Sir, is there a case where one is tormented when something permanent within oneself is not found.  The Buddha said Yes, Bhikku there is. A man has the following view. The Universe is that Atman, I shall be that after death, permanent, abiding, everlasting, unchanging and I shall exist as such for eternity.  He hears the Thathagatha or a disciple of his, preaching the doctrine aiming at the complete destruction of all speculative views ... aiming at the extinction of Thirst Thanha, aiming at detachment, cessation Nirvana. Then that man thinks I will be annihilated, I will be destroyed, I will be no more. So he mourns, worries himself, laments, weeps, beating his breasts and become bewildered. Thus O Bhikku, there is a case where one is tormented when something permanent within oneself is not found (from What the Buddha taught by late Dr. Walpola Rahula thera).