urlLink Metagifted Education Resource Organization: Introduction to Indigo Children :  What's an Indigo Child?  by Wendy H. Chapman  Indigo Children are the current generation being born today and most of those who are 8 years old or younger. They are different. They have very unique characteristics that set them apart from previous generations of children. The name itself indicates the Life Color they carry in their auras and is indicative of the Third Eye Chakra, which represents intuition and psychic ability. These are the children who are often rebellious to authority, nonconformist, extremely emotionally and sometimes physically sensitive or fragile, highly talented or academically gifted and often metaphysically gifted as well, usually intuitive, very often labeled ADD, either very empathic and compassionate OR very cold and callous, and are wise beyond their years. Does this sound like yourself or your child?   Indigos have come into this world with difficult challenges to overcome. Their extreme levels of sensitivity are hard to understand and appreciate by parents who don't share this trait. Their giftedness is unusual in such high numbers. Their nonconformity to systems and to discipline will make it difficult to get through their childhood years and perhaps even their adult years. It is also what will help them accomplish big goals such as changing the educational system, for instance. Being an Indigo won't be easy for any of them, but it foretells a mission. The Indigo Children are the ones who have come to raise the vibration of our planet! These are the primary ones who will bring us the enlightenment to ascend.   There's a very good chance your child is an Indigo if he/she was born after 1992. About 85% or higher of children born in '92 or later, 90% born in '94 or after and 95% or more born now (some even say 99%) are Indigo Children! Does this mean you aren't one if you were born prior to 1992? No! I've heard reports that they started coming in the 80s, but that means coming in larger numbers. I believe there have been Indigos born in every year, but perhaps not in high enough percentages to notice their presence and see what makes them so unique. So can you be a 24 yr old Indigo or a 50 year old one? Yes!    urlLink NEXT - Is Your Child an Indigo?