urlLink CHINESE ART  AND GREEK ART  by Rumi  The Prophet said, 'There are some who see me by the same light in which I am seeing them. Our natures are one.  Without references to any strands of lineage, without refrences to texts or traditions, we drink the life-water together.'  Here's a story about that hidden mystery:  The Chinese and the Greeks were arguing  as to who were the better artists.  The king said,   'We'll settle this matter with a debate.'  The Chinese began talking, but the Greeks wouldn't say anything. They left.  The Chinese suggested then that they each be given  a room to work on with their artistry, two rooms facing each other and divided by a curtain.  The Chinese asked the king for a hundred colors, all the variations, and each morning they came to where the dyes were kept and took them all.  The Greeks took no colors.   'They are not part of our work.' They went to their room and began cleaning and polishing the walls.  All day every day they made those walls as pure and clear as an open sky.  There is a way that leads from all-colors to colorlessness. Know that the magnificent variety  of the clouds and the weather comes from the total simplicity of the sun and the moon.  The Chinese finished, and they were so happy. They beat the drums in the joy of completion.  The king entered the room, astonished by the gorgeous color and detail.  The Greeks then pulled the curtain dividing the rooms. The Chinese figures and images shimmeringly reflected on the clear Greek walls. They lived there, even more beautifully, and always changing in the light.  The Greek art is the sufi way. They don't study books of philosophical thought.  They make their loving clearer and clearer. No wantings, no anger. In that purity they receive and reflect the images of every moment, from here, from the stars, from the void.  They take them in as though they were seeing with the lighted clarity that sees them.  In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems.  You dance inside my chest, where no one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.  Drumsound rises on the air, its throb, my heart.  A voice inside that beats says,   "I know you are tired,   but come. This is the way."  Are you jealous of the ocean's generosity? Why would you refuse to give this joy to anyone? Fish don't hold the sacred liquid in cups! They swim the huge fluid freedom.