urlLink Abandoned Whizhost customer FAQ    Due to the overwhelming number of questions generated by former Whizhost customers,  PLEASE look for answers here rather than asking by e-mail.   Q  Could you let me know when my website that were hosted by Whizhost will be back on-line, and if there is anything I need to do?    A  According to the correspondence we have had with Whizhost, they have abandoned their customers. If you need immediate account set-up send a message to migration@sb-host.com   Q  Do you have any information on why they have disappeared?    A  You will find current information on our forums   Q  What are the chances of getting my Whizhost accts restored? And what about backups? I have clients with databases etc on their Whizhost-hosted account and they need to retrieve the data from them. Also, retrieve emails. What are the chances of this and what timeframe are we looking at.     A  Sorry restoration and/or backups are unlikely. You will find current information on our forums   Q  Will we still be able to host free of charge for the rest of the contract we had at Whizhost?    A  Sorry. we are unable to provide free hosting.   Q  We had 8 domains hosted on the Whizhost server. Will it be possible to continue with this kind of a multiple domain hosting plan?   A  We have adopted 2 new  flexible  packages that will provide similar features, QUALITY support, and competitive prices.  contact us if you have special needs   Q  I am also wondering if you have contact information for Whizhost?    A  You will find current information on our forums   Q  Will any data be recovered from Whizhost?    A  You will find current information on our forums   Q  Has all of our site data been lost, or should we anticipate full recovery, and if so... when?   A  You will find current information on our forums   Q  I had 9 accounts and 9 domains with Whizhost, I just paid them last week 300.00 for 2 years more of hosting, how do I get my money back    A  You will find current information on our forums   Q  Is the $140.00 for hosting starting now, or after my term expires with Whizhost?    A  Your billing period will begin 14 days following your account migration We wish we could do more,  but we're forced to limit our Whizhost "victims" offering due to the overwhelming abuse that Whizhost has imposed. This should provide ample time to decide what you want to do. We HOPE you'll consider staying with us.    Q  I have 2 reseller accounts with Whizhost with unlimited mysql databases, unlimited emails accounts, 6000MB hard disk space and 20 domains. I understand you guys take the customers of Whizhost but I have my own customers and they are very angry with this situation. There are a lot of people involved in this trouble.    A  We understand your situation and are here to help. Unfortunately "Unlimited" anything  is not an option. We at SB-Host believe offering any type of  "Unlimited" services is unethical. If you have specific requirements, contact us. Our offerings are flexible.   Q  I would like a refund of my Whizhost fees. This is all totally unacceptable, the MIGHT restore data? When I signed up it said 99.9% downtime and generators and backups and all that. Now your saying I have to set everything back up with some other company and MIGHT get my data. I dont have the data locally, so you just lost everything? Where are these backups Please refund my monies for all service as I did not receive the service you promoted.    A  Sorry. We didn't take your money, nor did we make any promises we did not keep. Although paying more does not guarantee better service, in most cases deals that are "too good to be true," usually are. We believe Whizhost qualifies in the "too good to be true" category.  Q  I had a pre-paid Whizhost account, and I'm confused. Do I upload my files onto your server, or are they supposed to come back online?   A  Due to  the lack of cooperation by other "players" in this problem, We do not recommend waiting for the Whizhost server to come back online.   Q  Once all this is settled, we would like a refund of service as my customers are all finding other providers. This was all handled so unprofessional....    A  Refunds are unlikely.  "Unprofessional" is an understatement.