urlLink Inspirational Quotations About Creativity : "In the beginners mind there are many possibilities, but in the experts mind there are few." Suzuki, Shunryu   "Learning is movement from moment to moment"  Krishnamurti, J.   "The "silly question" is the first intimation of some totally new development." Whitehead, Alfred North   "Nothing encourages creativity like the chance to fall flat on one's face." Finley, James D.   "The whole life lies in the verb seeing." De Chardin Teilhard   "Creativity is so delicate a flower that praise tends to make it bloom while discouragement often nips it at the bud." Osborn, Alex   "t takes a lot of time to be a genius, you have to sit around so much doing nothing, really doing nothing." Stein, Gertrude   "it down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every conceived notion, follow humbly wherever and whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing."  Huxley, Thomas   "The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes." Proust, Marcel   "People only see what they are prepared to see." Emerson, Ralph Waldo   "The man who has no inner life is a slave to his surroundings." Amiel, henri-Frederic   "Water which is too pure has no fish. Ts'ai Ken T'an   "Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me." Freud, Sigmund   "But words are things, and a small drop of ink, falling, like dew, upon a thought produces that which makes thousands, perhaps millions think." Lord Byron   "There is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost." Graham, Martha   "Just as appetite comes by eating so work brings inspiration." Stravinsky, Igor   "What will nurture the creative vision necessary to turn around a world possibly heading toward its own destruction? Music." Hollander, Lorin   "Surrounded by the right sounds, we all can be invigorated, energized, and balanced." Diamond, Dr. John   "The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper." Eden Phillpotts  "The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention." Julia Cameron  "I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than live in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it." Henry Emerson Fosdick  "A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving." Lao Tzu (570-490 B.C.)  "Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart." Confucius  "Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting. " Karl "The Great" Wallenda