STAND BY   Disillusioned I soar, a bird who has clipped her own wings, finding at last that I have no fire to offer the universe; it was yours all along.  Alone now I hide, with my gifts unwrapped, bowless, as if the universe cared for another utopian dream, a direction of love pointed to with an open heart by a mute.  And if my tears could turn this dry earth to mud, and if my soil could change the world, then throw me to the flame and let my ashes proof the clay between your hands.  I am nothing. I am no one, at last the liquid poured into sieve of self and gone.  What good is the desire to serve when desire only cuts and divides both halves.  There are pieces of me I will leave behind here, leaving my dreams unfulfilled, my faith in myself crushed by a fist, rumpled into a ball and tossed with so much other rubbish.  So this I will tell you when your voice is back, that I have failed, that I have faltered, that I have gazed into the mirror and reflected none of what you have seen, vision pissed into balloons and cast into the sea.  I am a whimper. I am a moth not a dragon, weak, withdrawn, to retreat to the cage of my fingers, to lock the door without a key.  And in the end, if one will come, I will remember nights without sleep, the weight of my passion, the pounding belief at my door that knocked and knocked and knew no peace.  My back was strong and inside much light, but thought orbits like stars, like earth around sun, the moon which never came, and no certainty as I watched my picture fade.  I knew at any time even now, I could stand, make a decision, and be strong again, bone and blood, but feelings like magnets hold me to this chair, and it is more true not to move now.  Like faucets, like data through cables and I divert my eyes from danger like God's house or salvation, rather inside believing failure when uncertain success may come.  I resign my position of mood director.  I relinquish my smile at strangers, my mind the master, brandishing the whip at every indescretion or indecisive move. It hangs in my solar plexus like indigestion.  I have squandered my power. I have trusted that I could be you and made promises I can not keep.  I have buried myself with a toy shovel and lost my place and lost my way.  I spin and spin to gather speed, bursts of  dull light, explosions of average, my ego kicks and screams echoing down the well.  I will forgive no one, not myself, nor you, nor all of those gardners planting hope and despair.  Not even weeds could sprout through baked desert cracks in my soul.  Even the cactus gave up on rain and shriveled to a stick, thorns still sharp.  Nothing to guess at now, reality unveiled, my pathetic escape plans scrawled over  This is my weakness. Look at the man behind the curtain now, gaze upon her face.  I will ask none of you for help or hinderance, you have suckled me on lies foolish needy trusing lips to nipple, and the dead weight  of my aspirations, and the bullshit faith in my abilities, and the tears that well up now,  unable to keep it together  even for the hour and a half plane ride home.  (written 4/27)