(i'm frightened by individuals who purchase a cart full of doggie toys.)  if i am not mistaken, usually if one is going to use a coupon they must surrender it when they decide to purchase something.  people cannot go to a store, after purchasing stuff, and decide  now is the time  to use coupons for a previous purchase.   just like every time i go to my local craft store i lose a part of my manhood, every time i go to the petstore i lose a bit of my sanity.   there was some stuff i had to get for my cat, thus requiring a little trip out to petstore hell. i spacecadeted while waiting in the line to give them money for their goods.  perhaps if i was concentrating on the actual pet store, with the barking puppies and that lingering petstore smell, i would've noticed the woman holding in one hand a single can of cat food  (it was supposed to be free because i bought X) and a fistful of expired coupons.  and i would've quickly line jumped my way out of there.  in that horrible notion that the "customer is always right" (except when they're absolutely insane) the clerk manually typed up the woman's long receipt for the couponing to begin.    personally, if i was the clerk i would've killed this woman.  she was... not the nicest of individuals.   sadly, that is prolly how she got away with purchasing stuff awhile ago and brought in all of her coupons later for some change back.  i notice how everyone in the line behind me, has jumped to another line and are already out the door.   while i'm still waiting behind this woman who complains over every single item, and uses the standby of "well, i was told when i was here last week that that coupon would work.  i don't care if it is expired now, i bought the stuff last week."  frequently i forget coupons, but i'm not terribly upset over losing the twenty cents i could've saved. and although i'm related to someone who used to coupon to the point that her grocery shopping usually involved a huge cart of food plus change, i would never dream of returned to the point of purchase demanding money back for coupons.   it is not worth a chunk of my life.  but this crazy coupon carrying cat lady, was still loudly bitching when i left the store....  i might dream about becoming a crazy cat lady when i grow up, but not  that  crazy.