slouching as humanly as possible on my kitchen chair with his left paw moonlighting as a cane for back support, my cat loves to pretend he's a human audience member of my kitchen's private cooking show. and i have begun to wonder if such behavior is normal for cats.  ginkgo loves to watch as the knife severs pieces of vegetables. he'll study the process as if he's a kitchen spy preparing to give up my secrets, or as if in his next life as a human he'll be a chef. his eyes are focused upon my hands and the things that they are doing with the magic of the knife, the cutting board, and that hidden cold place of the fridge.  sometimes he'll strain his neck from his seated position on my kitchen chair, to make sure he knows where every piece of food goes. he'll watch as things are chucked into skillets, bowls, or accidentally slide onto the floor... which of course causes him to temporarily slink down to watch the escapee. it is never extremely interesting to him, thus his head will quickly resume its gaze at my hands.  when i move on to working on the stove top, he stands with his front paws on the back of the chair to get a good view, as if sauteeing onions transmits secret messages. i wonder if his gaze somehow affects the flavor of my food, or if he's trying to transmit messages back to his fellow cooking show cats in someone else's kitchen.  unlike other cats who only seem interested in human food if the meal includes chicken in any form, he seems completely satisfied just to keep me company in the kitchen. to the point that the times i'm feeling ultra lazy cooking-wise, he'll still humanly contort himself on my kitchen chair and will meow at me as if to guilt me into preparing something before his eyes. it is as if after an entire day of sleeping, i am his evening entertainment.  although i find it extremely strange that he chooses to cook with me, it is quite nice. especially because unlike any other cat in the world, he keeps his perch on the chair and never the counter... plus he's strangely polite, as he always seems to wait to chomp down his cat food until after my food is done.