i've began to see why certain people dread going to the dentist      despite all of the years of braces and drillings, i never feared the dentist office. mostly because i love the feel of freshly cleaned teeth and the painful parts always involved sedative-induced dreams. my childhood dentist (who also starred as a puppet in one of my gassed dreams) was a friendly guy, the wall had a mural of cartoon characters, and his assistants were bubbly. (i vaguely recall times when their bubbliness bothered me, but that was mostly because the entire office was open air.. thus meaning 4 kids would be in chairs and all of the assistants would be chattering away with each other.) i slightly wonder if my childhood dentist would still be my dentist if my family never moved. and i would still go with my parents after my teeth were cleaned, to the meeting room near the exit where my childhood dentist would talk about teeth with my parents.  fast forward to the present, where i'm struggling with something i actually learned at the horrible  urlLink Parent Orientation  of a little bit ago... after an entire life of having parents schedule doctor and dentist appointments, it is very weird for children to finally make the jump into scheduling such things for themselves. i guess the college was hinting at the fact that most college freshmen will have to endure this, but i've realized in regards to dentist check-ups..... i've never scheduled one on my own (thanks to my parents with insurance who scheduled dentist appointments for me during breaks and holidays), and this might explain why i've slightly procrastinated the whole ordeal. i guess i'm trying to ignore adulthood as much as possible.  i have dental insurance through my school which covers procedures (like check-ups and other regular dentistry type things) and all of last year's school year, i'd tell myself that i need to make an appointment for an appointment and then i would somehow manage to forget about it for several months. until it got to the summer time, where i got rather annoyed at myself for having dental insurance that i haven't taken advantage of, i made an appointment for a teeth cleaning. all i really wanted was that ultra-clean feeling of going to the dentist, to have my teeth scraped and polished.  of course sometimes it seems like what you come in for is not what you get....   i have a korean soon-to-graduate dentistry student assigned to me. sometimes i can't completely understand what he says to me in the first few minutes of me being in the chair staring off at a picture of twigs that mangaged to be apart of a museum college. he asked me if it was okay if he x-rayed my teeth, and recalling the quick x-rays of my childhood i thought it was okay.  just so you all know my head is the only part of my body that is big (23 3/4 inches, according to the measurement i just took) everything else is small compared to the average female  (neck: 12 inches[i could never wear chokers as they were too big for me], hand length: 6 inches [i should prolly wear little kid gloves], height: 5 ft 3 3/4 inches [i should get illegal height surgery], feet: 8 1/2 inches [i can fit into little girl shoes]... my goodness the measuring is getting out of hand.)  it doesn't come as a complete surprise that i have a small mouth. small enough that the x-ray films cut nicely into the top of my mouth and the bottom of my mouth when my mouth was shut.   i thought it was only going to be a few x-rays, so at first i didn't complain... but then it ended up being a nevering ending "Open your mouth" the taste of rubber gloves and plastic met with a plastic thing being arraigned into place and then "Bite down". i broke out into a sweat under the protection of the lead blanket, and when the dentist said "You only have 4 more" i possibly could've killed him if i wasn't restrained under lead.  18 x-rays in total. (i had to ask, as anything after 4 seemed astronomical.) my poor little mouth was shot with an invisible x-ray 18 times, and my mouth was opened and closed onto piece of plastic more than 18 (because near the end i could barely close my mouth in the proper way for the x-ray.) it left my mouth feeling raw, but i thought it was all about progress and making doubly sure that i have no cavities and my teeth are happy.  with the hell of biting down into mouth cutting plastic being over (and while the x-rays were being sent to the machine) it was time for the next bit of personal hell.... a jaw examination.  i don't ever really remember a jaw examination in my life (but i also have no recollection when the fillings i have came from, partially because i was always amazing at what teeth ended up being the naughty cavity keeper) but i'm fairly certain i don't want to experience another. and i especially didn't want a jaw examination only to be followed by the teacher re-examining my jaw to judge the student dentist's outcome.  1. my jaw doesn't open as far as it should and/or could  2. the left side of my jaw makes popping noises (especially after 18 x-rays)  although the jaw examination didn't really hurt at the time, later that night i couldn't fall asleep until i drugged myself into sleep and the following morning i began to contemplate life on a liquid diet.  i told the dentist that previously i would have times where my jaw would either refuse to open or it couldn't open after a certain point but that has mostly cleared up. only after i left the dentist office did i remember that the big ugly bicycle accident i had when i was 14 (and biking in europe) caused my chin to receive a bunch of stitches and whacked the left side of my jaw. (and in that slightly horrific moment of "Oh yeah! so that is why..." my mouth wouldn't open at times, it was probably due to my ugly bike accident in germany.) crap, now i have something to worry about and maybe i should discuss with the dentist on the next visit and it might also explain why my tension headaches are quite frequently in my jaw. crap, crap, crap.  the dentist decided it was time to actually examine my teeth (after the horrible jaw examination and the fucking 18 x-rays) which are still mostly happy, frequently flossed and brushed babies in my tiny mouth. during the examination i realized a horrible evil thing as i was staring at the bose speaker in the ceiling, i actually like  urlLink lite fm . it is one of those inoffensive radio stations that play all the music which should really make my ears bleed, and yet i was jamming along to the radio station in my dentist seat. i'm hoping the only plausible reason is that it was a source of escapism during a horrific dentist appointment, i'm really hoping that this doesn't mean that i should give up on life now. looking at the current playlist, i hope i was on drugs at the time. but maybe i should listen to it and give up on my beloved  urlLink WOXY  (which you ought to listen to NOW)..... nah.  well, the appointment time had almost run out (of 2 hours) when the dentist realized that i hadn't gotten the one thing i had wanted from the beginning... a teeth cleaning. the next available time slot wasn't until the time i'll be away, and of course the office will be closed immediately after i get back. i'll have to wait until the beginning of the school year, the receptionist told me, and the dentist looked a little disappointed in himself for failing to give me a teeth cleaning. of course after this experience, i wonder if i should really bother with the student dental services... of course on the other hand, how long will it be until i have dental insurance again? how long will i go without a professional teeth cleaning? i could hope for socialized medicine by the time i graduate from grad school in the spring, but i'm unsure if that'll happen. the future seems questionable.  maybe all i need is a cool dentist. someone with a good sound system, good music, or maybe just lets me wear headphones as a i gaze into pretty pictures above the dentist chair. i recall my dad had a really cool dentist back when i was a child....