going to hawaii was one of my most looked forward to events of 2003.   what is better than interrupting wintertime (and a winter break between classes) to live it up in the land of sun, sand, laziness, and pina coladas?  i gave up shaving my legs years ago (when i quit being a sorority girl, no less) because i find it rather pointless.  why should i constantly be at war with the hair growing machine which is my legs?  i had enough hair follicles to produce toupee for men, and to compete against men (who've never removed hair from their legs in their lives) for furriness quotient and won.    i know there is a large part of the population which will gag in horror.  but if they were equipped with legs that would never feel smooth after a shave due to the always-at-work hair factory, i think they might understand.  shortly after discovering that i was going to hawaii, i decided that pre-hawaii hair removal was in order... just because how often does one go to hawaii, and also because i had completely forgotten what my legs looked like.  (good logic, right?)    i quickly decided that i would have to get my legs waxed, because i believe shaving to be stupid and knew i wouldn't want to bother with quick stubble and nicks that go along with pressing a razor up to innocent skin.  and whilst i procrastinated during the 6 months of knowing i was hawaii bound, i failed to do any lovely stomach crunches and i failed to really do anything about my growing leg bush.   unsurprisingly, i ended up not doing anything until the dead last minute, so instead of finding myself a nice salon to rip my leg hairs out for me (and having someone else to curse out whilst in pain) i found myself struggling against the sea of holiday shopper crowds, and stores that didn't stock wax or anything to remove hair.  at the 11th hour, i found the only tube of peach (ick) scented wax.  i got to work at dusting myself in a cloud of baby powder, in hopes of lessoning the pain of ripping skin with hot wax.  i nervously dallied with making sure the wax was the perfect temperature, and allowing myself to be in a zen-state where pain doesn't exist.  pain is all that exists when you're quickly ripping up strips of cloth which contain a fascinating display of hair follicles and orange colored wax.   every time the second hand hit the 3, a ripping sound could be heard.  i turned the ordeal into a strange mathematical problem. maximizing the rectangular strips effectiveness over my non-rectangular legs.    but eventually, after sharing the waxy stickiness with the rest of my apartment (some of which i'm still discovering weeks later) i discovered my legs.  hot damn, i'm pale in that  unexpected translucent way.  i mean, i could always see my hair follicles after a shave, but with them all temporarily sitting in the garbage can, i am really fucking pale.  i wonder if i can glow in the dark, i'm so damn pale.  with the leg hair gone, i was completely unsurprised when my grandmother (who several years ago questioned me if i was going thru "a faze" slightly hinting that leg hair automatically equates lesbianism) made a comment about seeing my legs.   the additional bonus of not having leg hair was that it was one less place for sand to stick.  which is a good thing when every shower produces a sandbox quantity of sand.