i guess this should be the spot where i introduce myself to you (the new blog, and the new blog's readers),  because isn't that what the first few blog entries are for anyways?    of course, i'm not entirely sure how to introduce myself.   okay, here's an attempt.... other people find me to be rather strange, i'm not entirely sure why (because i'm not other people, i just happen to be me) but i think it might stem from my introverted and analytical nature, or that other people seem to think i'm on drugs when really i'm not (to my knowledge). i have a unique name, which i will not disclose here because it plagues me. usually i love having an unique name, but it has been rather bothersome lately.   although i still get a good laugh at finding shit i wrote when i was 14 (almost a decade ago) floating around in cyberspace. i've been online longer than you.  no, really.  and if you're one of those freaks who has been online back in the days when computers filled up entire rooms, at least i've been online for a larger portion of my life than you have. sometimes i speak in multilevels/meanings.  and sometimes i'm unsure which meaning is the intended. i fear i'm growing shorter.  there is no other explanation for all of my siblings to dwarf me in height, as well as my li-BF.  my grandmother (who never hit 5 feet) was the tallest kid in her 5th grade class and the shortest by 8th, so i wonder if this has anything to do with my recent shrinkings. i get really excited by some silly things. take today, where i discovered i have enough frequent flier miles to go somewhere for free (again).   i also have been known to giggle when i find things that are theFUTURE in reality.  (read: things that involve technology that could've been on the jetsons.) i'm in a graduate program that focuses on theFUTURE, otherwise known as the bleeding edge of technology.  i'm doing stuff that goes over the heads of the general population. it is very fucking cool. and you should visit me to come check this stuff out.  i have a futon that's booked at least 2 weeks in advance. i wake up (when i'm actually at my home base) to a view of glittering tall buildings, shining in the sun.  these buildings' lights romantically bleed into the body of water (that separates me from them) at nightfall.  it is beyond picturesque, and it is a view that can be seen out of 8 of the windows in my tiny little apartment. i'm a city rat, as in the type of person who gets nervous around empty spaces, country lanes, as well as gigantic parking lots.  i'm afraid when my eyes can't grab onto anything in the surroundings. i'm a travel junkie. i only want a job to support my travels, and if it required me to live in england a double bonus.  what else would you like to know?