(((if your name rhymes with "bank" or "free" perhaps it would be best if you skipped this post.   let it be noted that you have been warned.)))   at first i rolled my eyes at the pretension, the first room of this particular art gallery only had one piece, a naked man and woman kissing.  i didn't bother to look anymore at the piece, and was expecting the rest of the gallery to be a quickie-in'out.  yet, this wasn't the case.  inside there was a collection of sparkling white materials, sculpted to depict individuals with romanesque faces and deformed bodies.  it was a new type of voyerism for me.  in the past, i have seen a large amount of classically beautiful people, sculpted into stone, and the only deformity being the age of the piece has caused body parts to chip off and go missing.  but still you know in the original state, there were arms, legs, heads, and noses.   in this gallery the missing pieces were in fact missing from the models.  i wanted to examine every inch of these bodies, bodies of people of whom you're not supposed to stare or examine.     there is the divet where the arm that never was, would've gone.  there are limbs too short, and toes curled under as if they were the originators of the lotus foot fetish.   an armless mother with her fully limbed baby on her lap.  perky breasts and a missing leg.  body contortions that lead you to almost believe this person has the proper number of limbs, but from a different angle you can tell.    i found this to be a beautiful exhibit.  simplistic beauty in the sculptures that was trying to combat the ugly culturally seen in these individuals.   certain people around me were quite disturbed by the whole display, especially because everything was modeled after real people.  they gasped and quickly left. i think i will go back.  and the couple kissing in the first room, his left arm was only long enough to place his deformed hand on her shoulder, and on the other side she was missing an arm and he was hugging her tightly.   i wiped a tear away from my eyes and went for the door.