when i was little, i wondered how other kids could attain perfect school attendance.  this is because when i was a kid, my siblings and i traded sickness like some kids trade Yu-Gi-Oh cards.  one of us would get strep throat, then another, then another, then the person who started it, then the person who hadn't gotten it, and so forth.   it was almost a goal to make it thru a month without a visit to the family doctor's house. (i say house, because his practice was out of a house.  it was personal medicine, that seems to have been swallowed up in the motion to large practices.)  i highly doubt there was a single month without at least one of us having to go to the doctor's.  fast forward to now.  after living awhile without real insurance (c'mon, i'd love some socialized medicine.  this is a top priority in deciding which country i defect to, incase the Texas Souffle wins another election.)  i'm terrified of going to the doctors for fear of the bills i can not pay.   which, for the most part is okay because i haven't been sick enough to warrant a trip to the doctors for awhile.  well, in the computer lab i work at, which has hundreds of children churning thru each day, we've recently gotten headphones for the computers.   as soon as i started testing the levels on the phones, one girl complained about getting headphone caused ear infections.....i came down with an ear infection of my own, which for the last week i've been trying to ignore in the hopes that it will get better.  faster than you can say earache, i've managed a nice minor addiction to an over-the-counter drug.  as not only did it dull some pain, it had a side effect that graduate students around the world love...  sleepiness blaster. perfect timing for the first week of midterms, when even though i feel crappy i can pop a few pills and manage to stay somewhat alert on 3 hours of sleep.   it's a miracle!!!  and it even makes me feel less likely to cry on the subway due to ears hurting.  (just so all you folks who've had childhood ear infections, but maybe never experienced them whilst moving underground in a tube, ear infection+ subways= a very very bad and painful thing. and this is partially the reason why i caved into going to see a doctor.)  and over-the-counter is nice because it doesn't require a scary visit to the doctor.  of course, today i caved in and visited a clinic which takes my minimalistic grad student health insurance.   these nurses/doctors weren't as amused by my sickperson shtick ("Am I going to live?"), but maybe it was because it has been a long week for them and maybe i'm not as funny to the world when i can barely hear myself or my audience and i should really just stay in bed.   i scored some drugs.  and i have a whole weekend to get better and to frantically prepare myself for midterms week two.   i hope to catch up on some of my slept debt, in hopes that half of the month of may won't be set aside for erasing some sleep debt.