"What happened to your hair...  it was so beautiful." -a 4th grader  i'm pondering taking up wearing the veil and/or wearing hoodies for the rest of my life. also, i want to crawl under a rock and cry.   one of my methods of massive procrastination is the compulsive search for the naughty split ends.  using a pair of scissors, i can cut away large chunks of time when i should be doing something else.  (as it seems, the more things i have to do on the computer... the more i avoid even turning the damn thing on.)  well, this time i came up with a brilliant idea.  i'd give myself just a little trim.  file this one under "famous last words" which reside in the kitchen of half-baked ideas.  just a little trim turned into a seesaw act, as one side was never the same length as the other.  when evening out the other side, it would become too short..  and soon enough, my bathroom floor was covered in a sea of over 8 inches of hair. seeing the shorn locks everywhere, woke me up from the fun little daze of cutting-hair-is-fun.  guilt rises, because i was growing out my hair for Locks of Love..  fear rises because i have yet to look in the mirror to examine the damage...  and there are 8 inches of hair on the ground that will never reattach themselves to my head.  8 inches and i have "Angry Inch" stuck in my head.  Over 8 inches, and it is really fucking lopsided. perhaps, the lopsidedness wouldn't be so bad if half of my hair must be on an exchange program from someone else.   in fear, i dropped the scissors. in a moody wave, i became a puddle on my couch. in an intelligent move, i put the scissors far from reach.  now, i'm terrified and embarrassed.  no one has said a word about my missing hair (except the obligatory bf reassuring me that it looks okay, which of course i don't trust due to that whole "he's dating me thus he must say it looks okay" syndrome) except a girl today who was upset, and the teacher i work under made some strange remark today about my hair smelling nice but not the missing hair.  in my little neurotic world, i take this as a REALLY BAD SIGN. thus, i return to being a puddle on my couch, wishing i knew someone i trusted who was skilled with scissors.  i fear hair salons, especially their visions for my hair.  especially because my hair type and my ummmm lack of effort when it comes to hair, isn't quite understood by hair stylists. i fear, as my hair is already too short to stay in a pony tail, that my hair can only get shorter if i visit a stylist.  which my only lead to a rather big puddle on my couch.