(i wonder if i've ever been so mentally exhausted in my life)  there is an industry-only annual toy event, that i got to spy on today due to my field of graduate work....  the toy fair is where all the big deals are made for local toy shops and chains, and there are rows upon rows of toy presentors hoping to make the big sale.  some of these presenters would treat me and my fellow classmate like we didn't exist due to the fact that we weren't wearing the color coded name tags that said we were buyers. but that didn't matter, because we were there to spy... to look at what's being produced, and what our future competition will be.  at this point i'd like you to know how mind-boggling big this toy fair is...  it is at a convention center, and we spent an hour and a half walking around looking at toys and thinking that was it, but were slightly confused by the lack of toy-names we recognized.  (we did know that a lot of stuff goes on behind closed doors, and weren't worried about that..)   but then we realized, there were TWO more floors of booths full of toys that were larger than the first level we explored.  i'm in the state of mental/visual overload.   imagine a never ending toy r us, but with smiley people everywhere trying to grab your attention with their product (that they're playing with, of course) until they realize you're only Guest status.     at first, when we started to walk around we didn't quite understand why there were back massage places... but it all began to make sense after several more hours of seeing toys and no end in sight.  disturbing things to note, before i collapse into a heap.. 1. most toy buyers are very old white men. 2. a disturbing amount of toy presenters are older women in skirts. 3. a section of these women are dressed up, like mermaids, in a leather catsuit, showing what should be illegal amounts of clevage. 4. i got more swag that i could carry, even though i was trying to *not* get swag. 5. the more clevage i showed, the more swag i got.