i will never, ever, ever, ever hand grate carrots again.  feel happy.   today, in that moment of domesticity of preparing marinated pork chops, whilst still imagining that i could possibly become a vegetarian (seeing companion animals in cages makes me wish i had a love of tofu, or a supplier of mock duck) i decided to chop some carrots.    but these carrots were clinging to life, "please don't eat me, don't eat me for dinner," they seemed to emanate...   instead a memory of something i wanted to make came to mind.  this is where i admit to being a spice catalog junkie.   i can spend a morning or an afternoon, leafing thru descriptions of spices and imagining the recipes they could be used in.  i'll reread the same articles about how they harvest Mace, or about the different meshes.    and sometimes the junkie goes on huge spice splurges, just because  i need  expensive spices in my larder.   (and i've visited people who have only a few spices in their spice rack, and i start to twitch just because how could anyone live without _________?)  yeah, so back to the spice catalogue...  the most recent issue spotlighted something i never liked before,  urlLink carrot cupcakes .    and i've decided now, after dirtying my entire apartment with orange paw prints, that i will never hand grate carrots again.    one of the levels of hell must involve grating foods by hand.  of course, i had thought grating carrots would be a breeze (how quickly i forget how much i hate even grating cheese, let alone a hard, wet, flimsy carrot) and i'd whip up some healthy treat in minutes.  my logic circuits must get blocked when the spice catalogue is involved.  i think even the recipe suggests a food processor, which just happens to be one of those million other kitchen applicances i actually don't own.   but, now that i've grated part of my thumb off, i must chant  "carrots go into the food processor, food processor, food processor.... or else blood gets into the carrots, the carrots, the carrots..."   -- baking is apart of my world domination as a granny plan.  nothing else in my life is planned out except the fact that i will be  that   crazy old woman who lives close to a college campus, and tells all the youngins about life ever so long ago, as i tempt them with my old fashioned treats.   by then i hope to unlock the mysterious of my genetic ability to make candy and other sweets, which i know will one day come to me like a little burst of irish luck..  of course, after my irish forefathers decide to forgive me for hating their beloved potato.