the day had started with a drive around an island in hawaii, and a heated discussion, led by my asian boyfriend, about what actually is ironic versus what alanis morissette sings about being ironic in one of her songs. alanis's song mentions things that are actually coincidences, and as she says "ironic". (just for the record, i never liked her music... but the younger siblings needed a bit of education surrounding irony.)  for those of you who have been living under a rock here is a sampling of the lyrics...   A traffic jam when you're already late, A no-smoking sign on your cigarette break, It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife, It's meeting the man of my dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife  And isn't it ironic... don't you think?     these are all coincidental situations, that do not flow with the definition of irony...     Irony : incongruity between the actual result of a sequence of events and the normal or expected result (2) : an event or result marked by such incongruity b : incongruity between a situation developed in a drama and the accompanying words or actions that is understood by the audience but not by the characters in the play -- called also dramatic irony, tragic irony    (thank you  urlLink merriam webster )  so, while driving around the mountains and by the seashore in hawaii, we were discussing things that actually were ironic instead of alanis-flavored-ironic.  a discussion which was thus forgotten when we found the perfect beach we were searching for.  yet later, irony came back for a little haunt.  my little brother had gone on a search for some  urlLink maui wowie , the previous day and decided to sample his purchase in the hotel room, instead of on the balcony or on the beach for fear of what would happen if he got caught.  he also didn't want to smoke up in his hotel room (seeing as he was sharing a room with my dad and my still innocent youngest brother) so he decided it had to be done in my hotel room which also contained my sister and my boyfriend.   let it be noted that my boyfriend did not want to be apart of my brother's smoking ordeal.  let it be known that this was a non-smoking hotel room.  but then again, so were the hotel rooms from high school fieldtrips and dorm rooms in college, but this didn't stop smoking from happening.  there are certain tricks to be known, covering the door opening with a wet towel, covering the air vents (with fabric softener sheets), opening the windows, and lastly turning on the shower to full blast.  as my brother went to  light up, i turned on the shower full blast, opened the shower door and......  the smoke detector went off.  my sister begins to tell us how a smoke detector works, as this was something she recently learned in high school.   you see, it isn't about detecting the smoke, it detects a change in air pressure.  as soon as i opened the shower door, the radical change of pressure around the smoke detector (it was above the bathroom door) set it off.  the security guards for the hotel come by, i run and hide in the shower to continuate my sister's story about the moisture from the shower setting off the alarm (it went off as soon as i shut the bathroom door) not anything else that the bone-headed guards could smell in the room. try to explain air pressure to guards, and see if they understand or even believe you.  for an extra dose of irony, my siblings and i ran to our other hotel room for fear of what could happen (and what was overheard on the security guard's walkie-talkies).    my boyfriend, who didn't want to have anything to do with the pot smoking, ended up fleeing the hotel room with us, but somehow lost the memo about fleeing into the other hotel room.  worrying about the whereabouts of the boyfriend, we went to look for him in the lobby and on the beach.  where would he have gone?  the fear of the bad possibilities flashed through my head, as i wondered how he'd survive in the strange land.  45 minutes later, the hotel called my cell phone looking for my father....  he went down to the hotel lobby, where he was detained by the security guards for being someone who looked like a local in a room with two white teenagers smoking weed (remember i was hiding in the shower).    he was subjected to intense questioning in the hotel's boiler room, where they threatened him with kicking him off of the hotel's premises because he was asian, had a different last name than the name on the room's registration, and he didn't have a key or a lying tongue.  but he eventually got the hotel lobby to call my cell phone (the only number he remembers) after dialing the room number to find my father.  nothing ever happened to my brother, besides his making money off the weed as he resold it to other relatives.  but the boyfriend had to fight for the right to be in the hotel, to get his license back, and to not spend some quality time in jail for something he didn't want anything to do with.  ah, my siblings now have an understanding of the true meaning of irony.