i'll sheepishly admit that i live in the state with: the most idiotic roads to the point that i wonder if a tangle of wires would produce a more logical road pattern that what exists out here; the rudest drivers where flipping people off becomes more natural than using a steering wheel due to the fact that no one understands  1.  merging,  2.  driving slower than double the speed limit,  3.  pedestrians will dent your car,  4.  appropriate uses of the horn. i highly wonder if there are any other states that exist solely to provide cheaper residences for other states' metropolitan areas.  it seems like an almost natural thing to do (i enjoy having 5 times the square footage than something of comparable price in the big city.) but then again, i grew up staring at another city from across the water in a different state.   skylines seem more manageable when they're framed by a body of water and the sky, a view that is only accomplished away from a vantage point away. as i'm staring out at the tall buildings from my apartment window, i believe this post has been entirely derailed.  let it be noted before i go back into the intended rant, that i do love the view of 8 windows into the glittering city, i'd be much happier if the sun didn't rise so early in the mornings and if the other 3 windows didn't serve as reminders into the state i'm in. i feel like the upcoming rant has already lost it's steam, but here goes. this state where i currently reside, happens to be extremely dumb.  i sort of wonder if that has to do with the shopping malls per capita ratio,  the fact that most shopping areas are closed on sundays,  the horrific accents, or the fact of a brain drain which pulls many of the intelligent minds across the state lines to enrich their gene pool and continue to damage the future of those to come in the left-behind state. and then for some strange reason, this state is one of the few where it is against the law for common people to pump their own gas.   see what happens when the brightest leave, the remaining aren't deemed intelligent enough to fill up their own cars, of course this might hold a grain of truth considering this is the car accident state.... recently, it has been noted that  urlLink gas prices are really high , which of course is leaving all of the suv owners angrily shaking their gas cards.   but i find it very strange that one of the only states that still has Full Service Only, is on the near-bottom of the list.   thus factoring the usual additional cost of full service (i think it is an additional 10 cents a gallon if not more), this state has the cheapest gas in the union.  what the hell?  the only rationale i've come up with is that this is the trick to entice people who've fled this state for the concrete living of another state back into the land of cheaper rents, shopping malls, and a view you can't touch.