yes, after only a week of having the still unnamed one living in my house, it has been determined that he is the cutest cat ever.  here are some examples of his cuteness  (examples in list form, because my brain is mushy due to midterms.  i'm at the point where i'm having panic dreams involving the 20 page papers on world domination [i wish the topic of my schoolwork was world domination]  which was due and i'd only typed a few sentences. of course it was meta-amusing to be dreaming about the things i wanted to write about world domination.  i also, must admit whilst continuing this off-topic thread of thought, when i woke up the bf told me, "you're even a predictable procrastinator in your dreams.")   most cats seem to love to jump up on the kitchen table, whereas NamelessOne loves to take a seat at the table and look cute whilst he tries to listen in on the conversation.  he is aware of bad days, and knows just how they can be fixed.  i've heard that there are cats who like to jump on your face in the morning to alert you to the fact that it is food time.  well, instead NamelessOne slinks into bed beside me purring and nuzzling, after the alarm clock has gone off (and been snoozed).    nothing like waking up to a purring kitty.  he attempts flight.  he attempts flight to scale over the computer chair into my lap.  seriously, i've always wanted a computer lap kitty.  gush, gush, gush.  it has been only a week, and i was near to tears with the recent fear that the pound might want him back.  there was a little drama involving phone tag, and the fear that he wasn't really a stray (he has obviously been trained, and it has been revealed that he wasn't a stray) through phone tag made me fear that the previous owner was located and wanted the cutest cat back.   but, it turns out that his previous family lied to the pound, said he was a stray when they gave him to the pound.    they had actually adopted him from a foster mom, and fostermom just wants to make sure NamelessOne was adopted to a good family. i have no idea how previousfamily of NamelessOne wouldn't want him, but i'm glad he's mine now.    possible name list: kermit chairman miao salientia grimalkin or defaulting to his pound name...  harry (sucking at the naming process.)