taken from  urlLink mary ann    Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. Write down what it says.     myList = [101, 103, 104]  mmmm, code.  taken from my  Advanced Lingo for Games  book.  (i have a love/hate relationship with arrays.) the second closest book  "THERE'S MORE WHERE THIS CAME FROM." YOU CAN GET"   taken from   Cyberia  Life in the Trenches of Hyperspace   save me from computers. (i'm struggling to find a book in the piles around my computer which isn't computer-related.)   Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first?  the window, with a nyc skyline view (hi, empire state building)  whose window sill has a spill over of stuff from my disorderly desk.  (ink bottle, money, letters, pens, tape, L.E.D.s, resistors, and a ruler are all balanced on the sill.)   What is the last thing you watched on TV?   in one of my classes we watched a blip from School House Rock, my first experience with the show beyond the title on hipster's shirts.   i'm still unsure how i missed watching school house rocks, considering all of the television i watched as a kid.   With the exception of the computer, what can you hear?    urlLink 97x web broadcast , and video game noises from the other room.    When did you last step outside?  i actually left my apartment last night.  (which is quite surprising because i'm in lock down, due to impeding finals... which i'm currently procrastinating.) this actually shocks me more than it might shock you, considering sometimes i manage to go 3 days without leaving my apartment.   Before you came to this website, what did you look at?   adobe fucking illustrator.   i have this problem with computer art programs, as they never make what i want an easy task.     What are you wearing?  a phone headset around my neck, a porch king tiny tee, snowflake pj bottoms, a necklace, and a hair clip.  plus i have a sketch book and a phone in my lap.   When did you last laugh?  when i was on the phone, a few minutes ago.   What is on the walls of the room you are in?   on this side of the room.. Celestial curtains which i seriously like in a cheesy way; a Marc Chagall print; an original piece of art with a crescent moon, stars, planets, and a floating person; a wooden mirror which wraps up the celestial theme and pulls and pulls together color combinations in this room that make me giggle...    on the other side, the asian theme from the sitting room is creeping in.   Seen anything weird lately?   last night, there was an african-american man pushing a baby carriage (with child) and blasting 1950's music with a ghetto blaster.  new york excels in strange things to see.   What do you think of this quiz?   i was amused by mary's responses... but now i wonder if i should really publish thing..  because my answers seem so... mundane and un-interesting. i feel like the answers are clipped and the questions do not flow together.     What is the last movie you saw?  ummmmm... *thinks for five minutes* it was a collection of Dali movies at a teeny nyc arthouse theatre.  i see plays with the same frequency most people see movies.... and the last play i saw, was   urlLink who killed woody allen ...  which was worth seeing purely for the Christopher Walken character.   If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first?  a personal assistant robot.   Tell me something about you that I don't know.  i've been unsuccessful at building a robot army thus far....   If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?  teleporters would replace all methods of transit besides walking.   Do you like to dance?   yes, yes, and yes. (club dancing, partner dancing, and Dance dancing.)   Imagine your first child is a girl, what do you call her? Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him?   reason number 20453 of why i won't have kids: it took me 2 months to name my cat.   he won't resent me for his name for the rest of his life.  hell i'll be lucky if he'll actually respond to his name during the rest of his life.    Would you ever consider living abroad?  well, seeing as i've already lived abroad and the fact that i'm currently plotting my escape from this country if the current president is reelected... the answer is an easy "yes".    i wish i had dual nationality, to the point that i would marry for citizenship.