to survive the last few weeks of work.  (i'm counting down the days left of their school.)  all of the children were already dreaming about the moment they leave school and go off to their favorite vacation spot, their country home, or whatever for the long weekend.   what is the point of holding class?  two girls might get suspended for a silly thing they did today.  the kids were organized like this..  A. - G. - M. -and then a bunch of other kids.  G got up for whatever reason, and possibly had a party in the boy's room. who knows.  (i've broken up little bathroom parties before.  i wonder if i could link this to something.)   He had left his Text Document window open, and so  A and M started "passing notes" on his computer.  when i was passing by the computer, it was all silly and cute.  but something happened after i walked away from them (actually causally walking away from any kid's computer doesn't actually nowadays.  imagine something more on par with a child yanking at my clothing, or my person  for attention because they  need  help  NOW !   usually i barely have time to pause and catch my breath.)  which i didn't see until my teacher made a huge scene.   G. *lastname* I WILL KILL YOU!!!!1   was typed into their innocent note.  my teacher yelled, and there was a huge group of kids gathering around A. and M.  there was a lot of crying (these kids fear any black mark will cause them to get shafted in their middle school applications.  and thus cause a ripple affect of ruining their lives.) and a bunch of people defending them.  saying that they didn't know what they were writing, or that it must be a joke.  of course in certain matters schools aren't good at handling a joke.  after my teacher stops yelling and goes off to help one of the other kids with their problems.   i tell the girls about why this is a big deal.  about school shootings (which i have a strange interest in, partially due to knowing someone online who escaped from the columbine shootings... and partially because it is absolutely insane.)  and about the stupid things kids have been suspended for as a result of school shootings.   they didn't know that such things had happened, and couldn't believe that kids younger than them ("how could they do that? they're babies!") have killed.  -- the thing i've noticed about dealing with kids who do bad things, is how i have a extremely different approach than my teacher.  i hate punishing, and i manage to keep a cool head so i don't yell (except if no one can hear me).  also, i always feel like talking to the kids and possibly explaining what is wrong and making sure they feel okay even if they've done something bad.  i'd rather the kids love me, and realize what they did wrong  instead of blame me for being a meanie.  i feel rather bad, but several kids have expressed to me that they wish i was their teacher (instead of the teacher i work for) and then they've told me i should be a teacher.   i have no real intentions of teaching. mostly because i hate the school systems, i don't really like children (i like them when i treat them like my peers, but i don't like being the authority... and usually i see kids at my school more as if they're my little brother's friends instead of as the kids i'm in charge of), and well i want to do something where the years are different...