at the elementary school i work at, the children have slowly become monsters.    it has to do with them brewing all day inside of a soupy humid building, and the promise of freedom and summer on the horizon.  {i remember thinking as a kid that it was criminal to have to go to school in the non-air-conditioned buildings during the almost unbearable months of May and June.  and i felt sorry for the boys in my high school who had to wear pants (dress code didn't allow shorts) as i wanted to die in my short skirt.}  classes are becoming harder to maintain, as previously sweet classes require several rounds of Clap Once If You Can Hear Me  (each round, the number is bumped up, until there is silence) just to get any attention.   i have a group of 5th grade boys who come in to the computer lab for community service, who i've grown rather attached to them despite their rowdiness. i'd almost think of them as friends  and they think i'm cool because i can talk about video games, cool technology (the subject of my master's degree), and i've been known to bring them candy.  on a day they usually come in, they'll help clean the lab (like cleaning headphones which are the topic of parental lice scares), they'll help a younger class with the computers, they might "test" a program for me, and they might create things on the computer which i could easily do but it keeps them occupied.   a breakdown of the boys:  D.- a dorky boy. Seems a little starved for attention, because he's talking to me every moment he's got about something cool and tech related. Very sweet, intelligent, easily excited, and dorky.  C.-hyperactive. He isn't tech savvy (he'll get lost when helping the little kids with their computers) and he's a bit of a spazz.  LOVES MadTV, loves dancing around, and loves asking for candy.  Q.- a "bad kid" during class time but during community service time he's really willing to do whatever i say.  will most likely be taller than me in a year. extremely opinionated  and loud.   now at the beginning of their community service time, D. asks if he can Puhleeeeze have time to go online and check his email.  which gets the other two to ask him what's so important about D's  email and they wanna go online too. D reveals that he wants to see if his girlfriend has written him.  C blurts out, "You don't have a girlfriend!"   Q exclaims, "I don't have a girlfriend, how can  you  have a girlfriend?" D. says, "Well... She's in England." C responds, "England? have you met her?" D responds meekly, "I meet her online?" Q shouts, "ONLINE?  ONLINE?" C continues for Q, "I BET IT IS MICHAEL JACKSON. YOU'RE GOING TO MOLESTED."  (i giggled to myself about D's online girlfriend. especially because online girlfriends from england almost seem like a stereotype...  and after the MJ comment, i could barely keep from giggling while i told all of them to calm down and get back to work.)  for D, michael jackson was a sore spot. his face scrunched up and veins started to pop out of his head.  D shouts, "SHE IS NOT MICHAEL JACKSON. Her name is L.  She couldn't be Michael Jackson because she's a girl and she lives in England."  C starts teasing and harassing D.  D starts to cry.  Q keeps on teasing D. Then the punches between Q and D start to fly, while C is in the background teasing D about dating Michael Jackson.  i physically broke up the fight. D was burning like fire, and was still flailing whilst Q and C couldn't stop the teasing. i had to impose a quite time for the rest of the period, and D who knew he was going to get in trouble for the punching tried to run home.  instead i made him sit in a chair for timeout while C and Q cleaned. i talked to D about how people you meet online might not be who they say they are, and to use caution with "kids" online because they might be paedophile adults.   and i talked to Q and C about how teasing  hurt D's feelings.   Q did end up making a card on the computer apologizing to D, but D was still too upset to accept the apology.  the whole time, my teacher wasn't in the room.  i almost didn't want to tell her what happened for fear of what would happen to the boys, and also because she isn't the calmest of people.  she decided to kick them out of doing their community service in the computer room, which was something they protested....   now i'll have a new set of boys helping me out for the rest of the school year...