this post is merely for my own personal scare tactic.  meaning: i'll feel more likely to follow a schedule and accomplish things if i trick myself into fearing others shaking their collective heads at me for not accomplishing things.  i'm entirely unsure if you'll find the following worth reading.  but it might be worth mentioning that in drawing up this schedule i'm inspired by the lives of monks.  --weekday schedule--  (time to be determined)- arise   (hopefully more of the rise and shine variety, instead of the slunking out of bed cursing the morning sun dripping thru my curtains.)  15 minutes - harass the cat  (it is either i harass the cat, or he'll harass me.  and it seems like waking up is slightly related to the moment the cat decides to walk across my bladder.)  1 hour - yoga/meditation   (because i like being able to tie myself up in a pretzel.)  15 minutes - breakfast   (this might be the hardest thing to accomplish.  on freeballing days, i easily forget to eat... or procrastinate it.) ---on days i work... work would go here and would be followed by decompress (30 minutes) and dinner. ---  15 minutes - harass the cat.  (kitty playtime)  1 to 4 hours - demented projects  (freelance, teach my self webstuff, my website of evil projects, and other things off of my todo list)  1/2 hour to 1 hour - computer putz around time.   (i will need an egg timer for this, to make sure it doesn't end up being a depressing 8 hours.)  15 minutes - stretch    15 minutes - midafternoon meal   1/2 hour to 1 hour - chores   15 minutes - harass the cat  (nap in the sun)  2 hours - freetime without the use of technology   (read, knit, other projects, more cat harassment, dinner contemplation...)  or work on the demented projects.  1/2 hour to 1 hour - computer putz around time.   1/2 hour to 1 hour - dinner prep   15 minutes - dinner --if i have a summer class dinner would be ultra quick, and i'd leave now.  when i come back i'll unwind for 15 minutes, possibly putz around on the computer, harass the cat, and harass the boyfriend.--  4 to 6 hours - freetime   (computer, read, demented projects, see a play, harass bf, harass cat, go to the park/the river/the city, etc.)  sleep