i am terrified by strangers with scissors who have the intentions of cutting hair for money, and the industry that supports them.  it seems like people have a common fear of the dentist.  i love the dentist, but FEAR the hairdresser as there is something quite frightening about the promise of a stranger with scissors.....    combine:  decisionitis (my inability to make up my mind) + being ultralow maintenance (there are 12 year old boys who spend more time on their hair than i do) + growing up in the near south (home to big hair) + a couple of horrendous hair cuts (perhaps a couple of stories should be inserted here) + a childhood fear of hair cutting hurting   to create:   someone who has been known to skip out of hair appointments, avoided hair cuts in general, bought hair scissors and had horrific results, and today...     i have been procrastinating for several months (years?) to get a hair cut, to the point that i butchered my own hair a couple months(link) ago and then ignored the quick salon fix.  and i have been completely content on continuing to say "i need a hair cut"  but to do nothing about it.   for i fear the moment i walk into a place-- with brainless lady's magazines strewn about, and potential hair style books-- where someone with visions of topiary grandeur would attack my hair and turn it into  the mushroom  (or some other horrible haircut i've yet to had) and expect me to smile, tip, and spend a lot on styling products.  today was the day f. had decided to get a hair cut, after my push for procrastination for several months.  i didn't *have* to go (during the ride out to the salon up till the point i reached the door i contemplated my escape from the scissors) but i had previously agreed to a group haircut outing.  i got a woman who had very cute hair (although, i was afraid to comment on it for fear that my hair would take-on an ugly mutation) who spoke little english, and had a desire to do more with my hair.  (a desire which sends chills up my spine. one horrific haircut was when all of my hair was the same exact length if i tilted my head a certain way. another was when someone decided i'd look good with bangs...) yet what she did is simple and safe.  and now i'm free from haircuts for another year!   -- the whole ordeal reminded me that i love the hair washing bit.  is it possible for strangers with scissors to only wash my hair?  perhaps this would require my adoption of an old-lady-do', for a weekly wash'n style without the taint of scissors....