one of these days when i have time, and a copy of my high school transcript, i shall make out a list (perhaps a spreadsheet?) of all of the classes i've failed.  note, i never failed classes for the year (thank goodness) but due to my strange high school experience at a school that stole away potential valedictorians from other schools, in the law of averages there was a lot of room for failing.  when i was a freshman in high school (at the tender age of 12) i failed art.  this was mostly due to my judgmental art teacher (who hated me the first semester, but loved me the second due to a new-found friendship in the german teacher's daughter)  hating my penciled self-portrait final.   she was one of those teachers who would give grades according to who you were, instead of the effort you put into the piece.   and i believe this point was proven during a switch between one of the best kids in the class, with the work of the worst scoring kid in the class.    of course this didn't help me from bawling my eyes out over a horrible note scratched into my semester final.   but thankfully for me, making art wasn't apart of the curriculum after that and i've avoided art classes ever since.  until now... i have a design requirement i need to fulfill for my master's degree, and of course in the great class shuffle of 2004, i got stuck in a drawing class.  i tell myself it will be a useful use of my gigantic looming student loan bill, because well it will be useful in another class i'm taking, it will be easy in that low-stress sort of way, and when i unleash my flash animations on the world it will be helpful to sharpen my lost drawing skills.  that being said, i almost cried during the first class.   already.   most of the class was cool, and it was refreshing to take sometime to just focus and draw.  (i was only slightly annoyed because due to people not bringing in supplies, i ended lending out all of my drawing utensils that i had explored the city to find.)   at the end of class we hung up two pieces of our work, and discussed everyone's work.  it was mostly pleasant (even though at times i wanted to shout to a pretentious class member that their work was total crap), until it got to me.  fuck.  i begin to wonder if there is something about me that just provokes art teacher meanness.  15 minutes were spent, by my prof, critiquing my choice in lines that i used for drawing a still life.  he thought it looked too comic, and that it is a good thing this is only the first class because he's going to work that out of me.   one thing i really hate about art teachers, is their want to shape you into their kind of artist instead of allowing you to be your own.   but on and on the critique flowed, even after points of people in the class being cut off for saying they liked it.  class left me in a funk, instead of feeling inspired.  add that to getting double charged to ride the over-priced subway, the evil evil snow filling up the ground, and other things..  i almost contemplated becoming one of those crazy people on the subway system.  not yet.   i'll just have to save that for another day.  but still, i would've dropped the class if i could.  (drat, drat, drat)  i hate the showing your work shame...