(i currently have a lice-free head.  and intend to keep it this way for the rest of my unnatural life.. mwahaha.)  part of my fear of the lice (see that other entry down there a bit, yes.. to the left a little bit more.  ah, yes you've gotten there. and i'm too lazy to link) was exponentially increased because i was trapped in the nurse's office on friday with all of the lepers, i mean lice-heads.  a girl in one of my classes, J, completely flipped out.  we're talking about a flailing tantrum of beautiful proportions (i only wish i could throw tantrums like that) during class.  she also had recent (visible) wounds on her body that might explain part of the tantrum.  i had the pleasure of escorting J down to the nurse, to get her checked out and the possible injuries reported to the officials.  of course this was the worst possible day to go to the nurse.  as this was the day where they were screening children's head.. and when J and i arrived there was already a party inside the office.   kids were exchanging the counts ("well i have 10 nits and 3 lice"  "i have 15 lice!!") and the whole room was a party.   while waiting (for the nurse) i taught the kids one of my silly games. (everyone is in a circle. and they put their left arm ontop of the person next to them's right arm.  then you go around the circle, with one clap [on the table] equals a continue in the same direction and two claps equals a directional switch.  if you mess up, the offending hand is taken away.  this also works as a drinking game.)    while waiting for the nurse, a overly excited boy told me his life story all the way down to finding out he had nits.  while waiting for the nurse, the girl calmed down and nearly chewed the ear off the bunny toy i took from the classroom to comfort her.   i managed to rediscover my multiple voices (as a kid, i'd giggle about the different voices i could make) to create a story with the bunny and a magnifying glass.  while waiting, J, turned sweet and slightly disturbing.     it started off with her seeing the ice, as the nurse was zipping all over the place.  (the ice came out of a silicon ice tray, and had silly shapes.)  she wanted some ice for her injuries.  doe eyed and tilting her head, she starts begging for ice. batting her eyes "i'll do anything for ice.. anything" she coos in such a way i wish the office wasn't full of lice-ridden-kids and had a councilor could talk to her about......  what might've caused the in class outburst.  the sad thing was, after waiting inside of the nurses' office for a good 45 minutes, the girl was dismissed and would possibly be looked at later....