Hola, Barcelona!   Wow time is just flying by...Ahorita estoy en la ciudad hermosa de Barcelona...well, right now I am in the beautiful city of Barcelona. I am hoping my Spanish will improve while here! And I swear I was not intenting to go into an internet cafe, but I literally just stumbled upon this one - do I have some sort of cyber radar? Luckily I only run into them when my feet are about to fall off from all the walking Ive been doing. Today I had a lazy day  - bad Lori!   I arrived into Barcelona around 11.30 am after taking a 12 hour train from Paris. I got one of the sleeper train beds (for 16 extra, you can bet your bottom dollar I was going to get a bed and not sit on my ass for 12 hours (itd be like the flight from Sydney all over again and Ive made a deal with my ass -- no long term sitting sessions till I get back on that flight to Oz!) The beds were...interesting -- 6 bunk beds together in a cabin. I hightly recommend them as its way more comfortable to lie down for 12 hours than to sit, but I just have one question -- why are bunk beds anywhere in the world incapable of allowing you to sit up in them? Why are they always designed so that no matter how short you are, you will never be able to sit up straight? You will always crack your head on them!  Anyhoo, I will write more about Paris after I get back to the States probably. Ive kept a journal, so will type it in from Springfield, MA. In the meantime, had a lazy day in Barcelona today. I did not flirt with a single guy in Paris, but within about 5 minutes of arriving in Barcelona I found myself a cute lunch date. Go figure! We went to a nice little place and had tapas for 4 hours. Okay, now to other things that wont make my parents cringe...  Looking forward to a long day of walking and sight-seeing tomorrow. I will plan a walking route in the morning. I like to wander around and hit the cool things along the way.  My hostel room is pretty good - I have my own bathroom and shower, which is pretty sweet as no one else in the building has to see me look like crap in the morning. :-)  Note to self: Schedule foot transplant from all the walking Ive been doing.  Oh! How could I forget my embarassing story! I arrived at my hostel, trying to be cool and only speaking Spanish. It almost worked. The woman gave me the key and I thought it said 510, so thats what room I went to. The door opened, I stashed my stuff inside, locked the door then looked for the shower as I was sweating like a pig. Went back to room, tried to open door, no luck. Went back to reception to explain my key wasnt working. She gave me another one. It didnt work. Thats when I met my lunch date. He tried to help me open the door. No luck. As I was about to go back downstairs I realised what had happened. I replayed the conversation with the woman over in my head. In Spanish I thought she said to go past the TV room, but then I realised she said THROUGH the TV room, so sure enough I go through the room and theres a hidden door, and then a roof, then another door....and a hallway...and there is my real room. Not room 510 but room 514. Doh. The key worked  but all my stuff was still locked inside room 510. So I had to go downstairs and explain what happened in Spanish-English and admit I am a dumbass and ask for the key to 510 so I could get my bags out and move them to 514. She was very nice. I think she felt sorry for me for being a dork!