Sam, I Am, I Like Green Eggs & Ham, And to Think That I Saw it On Mulberry Street   I went to the National Dr. Seuss Museum today...Good ol' Springfield Massachusetts, U.S.A. is the birthplace of Dr. Seuss (Children's author of  The Cat in the Hat ,  How the Grinch Stole Christmas  etc), so I moseyed on down to the Museum and the Springfield Quadrangle today to check out the exhibits and sculptures which have only been around since June 1 this year. The sculptures of Dr. Seuss characters are pretty damn cool and kids couldn't help climb all over them despite the signs reading, "Please don't climb on the sculptures" and though the actual exhibits all fit in one (not particularly huge) room, there is a ton of information and cool bits and pieces packed in there. I took lots of notes and pictures, so expect something fairly informative and hopefully interesting coming to a butterfly blog near you soon...I remember in elementary school we had to go down to Springfield's Mulberry Street and write down what we saw (real or imagined) on the same street Dr. Seuss wrote about. Who knew that 20-odd years later I'd be taking notes on Dr. Seuss's life!  I was struck today by how funny perspective is when you're growing up, and how much it changes. When driving home past my old elementary school today, I remember when I was a kid, I actually thought the school was so far away...it is literally like a 10 minute walk, if you're taking your time. But when you're short and small and have little legs and you need a crossing guard to get you across that first street, I guess it seems like a big deal. The monkey bars/jungle gym and slide are still there...they used to tower over me...how many chicken fights did I take part in (and win!) on those monkey bars? And standing next to them now, I'd feel like a giant. The school is surrounded by what used to be 'mountains'...my dad and I went sledding down those 'mountains' in the snow and ice and literally smashed into the school once...ooops, but now those mountains are just small hills.  The school used to seem like this gigantic fortress, and looking at it now, I feel like a kid staring into the windows of a dollhouse. When I was a kid, I never thought about the possibility of outgrowing my world.   Okay, you guys can stop gagging now, I will stop with the nostalgia. ;-)  I've got a nice family get-together/pool party to look forward to tomorrow. My poor family. Between my 'hundreds' of pics of Paris and Barcelona and my Aunt's 'thousands' of pics of Disneyworld, they're never going to want to look at photos again. ;-)