Bonjour, Springfield! Hola, Springfield!   Back in the States now. I got up this morning at 7.30am. Got home around 11.30pm last night. Took the train from Barcelona to Paris on Monday for 9 or so hours, then yesterday I took the train from Paris to London at 7am, got to London and found my way around the tube, easy as pie....well, easy except for my damn big backpack which only got heavier as time went on. I highly recommend the Heathrow Express. It's pricey (12 pounds), but dammit it's worth it if your back is crying and you're tired and sweaty and just want to get to the airport. It's only a 15-20 minutes ride to the terminals from Paddington Station. So I only had to go from Waterloo to Baker Street and then change lines to get to Paddington, and then get to the Heathrow Express line. Not bad at all. I would like to blame my jet-lag for just writing that really boring paragraph...(Inner dialogue: Lori, who the hell cares what trains you took yesterday?)  Ah well, I thought I was going to get off easy with this jet-lag thing, but all of a sudden I'm really sleepy now....I might go back for a nap. I'm trying to stay up though...have lots of work emails to catch up on, heaps of laundry to do....I want to burn all my clothes from Europe...it's that lingering stench of smokey nightclubs, must stamp it out!   I was hoping to put up some Paris/Barcelona pics, but my computer has officially 100% died (I think), so will probably have to get it fixed before I can do anything with it. I'm currently trying to check my webmail at 28.8 bps.....patience, patience. :-)  I might do a load of laundry in between reading each message. I have about 45 digital pics coming...and about 8 rolls of regular film to develop. I went nuts.  Oh, and as soon as I get access to a scanner, I have some cute family pics to put up. I have a nice one of me, Kelsey, Jessie, and Sean Thomas, and this hilarious pic of me and my Polish grandmother, Babci (the one that I take after physically and through my lipstick fetish!). I made her stand with her hand on her hip like me, and we look like little bookends.  I have lots to write about in regards to my brief European adventures, but my eyes are closing as I type this...  HUGE thanks to Rachel and Anthony for their wonderful hospitality and generosity and yummy home cooked meals in Paris!   Hugs to Javier, David, and Douglas in Barcelona - I am so jealous you are still there!  Kristen, can you email me your phone number to my  urlLink butterflynet@ekno.com  account? My noggin one takes a thousand years to load up!  As Kristen would say, SMOOCHES, everyone!  Family, I'll be seeing you all (I hope) this weekend!   p.s. Big shout-out to  Javaboy  for a) Doing that Melbourne Thang (I adore Melbourne, so the Melbourne thang really is a cool thing to do!) and b)  for giving everyone the lowdown on my overseas travels...hehe :-)