Me Encanta Barcelona  I heart Barcelona.  I am definitely coming back here one day. Lets see....on Wednesday I toured all around Barcelona and ended up meeting these lovely Irish boys. I went out with them that night and had a great time...I was in fine form on the dance floor @ this club and by the time I started the dancing going by strutting out to the middle of the dance floor myself and getting my groove on, Id nearly forgotten the humiliating incident Id had earlier at the pub when I ended up having to use the mens room and this guy accidentally walked in on my stall only to catch with me with pants and undies down around my knees. Ooops! I dont know who was more embarassed. The Irish guys had a good laugh when I told them what happened though.  Thursday I toured more all around Barcelona. Ive seen some amazing things, which I will write about fully when I get back to the States --not enough time now as we will be going to have dinner soon. Javier and David arrived on Thursday night and weve been staying out dancing till 4-5am. Apparently I am just as popular with gay men in Barcelona as I am in Sydney. Weve gone to a lot of clubs and all the gay men have come up to me to compliment my dancing and to dance with me and give me kisses on the cheek. Ive been kissed by some guy every day that Ive been here so far....hahahahha!  Oh, and I must remember to write about this random freak who tried to ask me out on the sidewalk - quite the crazy character. He was original, to say the least!  Having a blast here even though I ended up spending 4 hours at the train station one day trying to get my return ticket to Paris. All the trains have been full so I have to catch a different train back to Paris. It doesnt affect my train to London or flight to New York, but I wont have time to do sight-seeing in Paris on Monday as I arrive at 5.30pm instead of 8am. ;(  Rachel, if youre reading this, I arrive on Monday at 5.30pm from Gare Lyon, but I will ring you guys tomorrow.  Mum, thanks for those airport directions for NYC!  Kristen, love the blog! You are hilarious! Cannot wait to see you! I get back to the States on Tuesday night, so Ill be talking to you soon!  See all you Springfieldiens-Bostonians soon!