I Might Be a Loser   It is a Friday night. It is 8.30pm. And I am stupidly sitting here doing work...at work! Unfortunately my home computer is screwed so I'm trying to update the  urlLink National Campus Band Comp  calendar and press releases tonight so I don't have to worry about it on Monday...sigh...  Huge thanks to Damian for a very fun night last night - I've walked by the Hollywood Hotel hundreds of times, but have never been inside, never knew the power of the mirror ball in the pub! I had my first Toohey's Old in over 6 weeks!  And ohmygod, anyone who loves Indian food (especially as much as my Auntie Kate!) has to get themselves to Maya's on Cleveland Street. It's this amazing vegetarian Indian Restaurant. Everything was so good! To be honest, I am not even sure what the hell we ate - I let Damian order since he was the expert. I requested lots of lentils, and that's about all I can be sure we had. It was  all  yummy and it was quite entertaining to share mutual 'travel' stories.   Tonight I am going to be a loser and do some work and then go home to bed where I hope I will actually remain past 3am! Tomorrow night will be the house-warming at Chad's which I am very much looking forward to - and will hopefully see  these   urlLink cool   urlLink guys ! (*Ahem, three different links in there, I'm lazy and smooshed them all together*)  Things I've noticed since I've been back in Sydney:  My 'cold' tolerance is even more pathetic than I thought. I'm cold even when it's really not cold.  I really missed the Aussie accent!  For some reason, I keep saying, 'Up the wazzoo' - not sure how I came to suddenly adopt a phrase I don't recall using very often before...  I've also been using, 'How you like  them  apples?'  Mid 20's-life crisis? I confused poor Ray when I used that phrase in an e-mail this week. It was hard to explain that it didn't actually  mean  anything about apples. Does anyone know where that phrase came from anyway? Why apples? I always liked this phrase, despite the whole apple ignorance. And I liked it before  Good Will Hunting  too.  I'll give you 200x what I make in overtime if you can explain this phrase to me....(*note, I make zip in overtime). In any case, in my e-mail to Ray I jokingly said that I would not come to the birthday bash this week unless I was allowed to jump out of the birthday cake....so, how you like  them  apples? Ray thought apples were an inuendo for, well, you know.... ;-)  I'm suffering from gig withdrawl. I have not been to a gig in over 6 weeks. That is like 6 years to me.  I hate unpacking almost as much as I hate packing. I have really not unpacked at all since I've been back. Every day I wake up and open my suitcase and pick out a clean outfit to wear. Should I legally change my name from Lori to Lazy?   Time is ticking away on my new year's resolution to sing somewhere in Sydney in public before the end of the year. Karaoke doesn't count. It'll have to either be some painful open mic experience, or busking at Central Station, in which case people would probably pay me money to shut up.   Okay, back to work for me - hello to the family in Springfield and the friends in Boston - I do miss you guys!  p.s. Happy 29th birthday to Ray - you're still young, baby! p.p.s. HUGE congratulations to Jo & Steve - on finally setting a wedding date! Woo-hoo!