urlLink    What's My Name Again?   Okay, so I need some help form all you creative people out there...starting from tomorrow, I'm going to be ringing around various Australian companies, trying to score some new business. I've decided that "Lori" will just not do. People get confused by it. They think I'm saying "Marie" or "Mary" or that it's short for Lorraine. Thank god, my name is not short for Lorraine! No offense, but I can't stand that name. Anyway, so far, I've gotten suggestions such as: Felicity, Miranda Marks, Lexa Jones, Samantha etc. Looking for strong & confident sounding female names that people will understand straight away. Any  urlLink suggestions ?   urlLink    The Good Weekend   This weekend I did a fair bit of writing, walked around Vic Park, downtown, had my longlost bean nachos from the Turkish boys @ Broadway, my cafe mocha with a shot of raspberry syrup at Gloria Jeans, trying to hit my old favourites. Thanks to Chad for the party invite - I had a lovely time on Saturday night! Met some very cool people, had some great chats with some very cool people, and I met some very very interesting characters, one in particular who was just out of control. He was absolutely hilarious, but that boy needs to be put on a leash for the safety of women everywhere. ;-) Now, as for a gentleman, check out my handsome grandfather over there - I don't think he would have said such things to a gal when he was a young spunk! (And even if he did, he would never admit to it and I don't want to know about it!)   urlLink   My computer has still not been fixed and I am trying to build up the energy to scan my 1000 photos from Europe and Springfield/Boston/Rhode Island, but I got these pics of a disk I got when developing the photos. Here are a couple pics that will soonish make their way over to the Butterfly gallery, as well as a pic of one of my favourite butterfly lovers, my beautiful cousin Kelsey. The butterfly pics are two of the ones I took at the  urlLink Magic Wings  Butterfly Conservatory & Gardens in Deerfield Massachusetts.    urlLink   I am majorly bummed that I just missed  Austin Powers III  in the States...it came out the day before I was heading back to Oz...on July 26th, and it doesn't come out here until something like September 29th...*pout*.  I am very grateful to United Airlines for the mileage points I just racked up, but kiddies, you gotta do something about your movie selection. Mix 'em up a little! Please! Even old movie would be better than the same old stuff. I have seen  I am Sam ,  Monsters Inc.  and  Big Fat Liar  three times each...on my flights in the last 5 weeks. I fell asleep during  The Shipping News  every time and woke up in the same place every time, so I've no idea what happened.  urlLink    I successfully avoided  Time Machine  from Sydney to San Fran, New York to London, London to New York, New York to L.A., and L.A. to Sydney. I also saw this movie with this elderly woman who befriends a young boy who lost his mom but I cannot remember the name of it...it has Ray Liotta in it, and I watched the movie several times even though Ray Liotta has always freaked me out since  Unlawful Entry .  And yes, I probably said it before, but I'll say it again...yes, I did cry during the same parts of  I am Sam  every damn time. I am the pathetic movie-goer...all through my flights I kept sitting next to older women who refused to watch movies that were sad or scary. Now, I understand that most people want to be uplifted, amused, and entertained by watching movies and obviously comedies will often put you in a good mood, but you're going to miss out on a ton of good stuff if you refuse to watch anything that's not a comedy! All the movies I recommended to this one lady next to me was met with a: "No. That movie's sad. I don't want to see it." I would insist, "But it's really good! Sad, but  good ...hey, it's got a happy ending, okay???" That got a smile, but she still didn't go for it. What can you do? ;-)