Leopard Print Faux-Pas   Craziness, as usual, no time to write about it, as usual. There's a new gal in the office - yay! She doesn't work for our company, but she's renting office space from us. It's so nice to have some estrogen in the office - someone to  sympathise with me about all the testosterone in the office! I've been the only chick here for a long time. We had our first bonding session today when Abby invited me to go shopping with her at this fashion warehouse with major discounts on last season's stuff. So we took at quick look this arvo. Oh the joys of the one-room changing room. I realised, in horror, that I was wearing my most embarassing underwear. It's this new leopard-print cotton underwear...I stupidly bought the hi-cut instead of my usual bikini briefs and I'm regretting it - they look like I'm wearing leopard print underwear for old ladies. They're huge! So, when trying on some skirts I kept giving sneaky furtive glances to the naked women around me, making sure no one was looking at my stupid underwear. Most of them were trying on bathing suits and didn't give a damn, thank goodness. I tried to hide my underwear with one skirt while trying the other skirt on. Not a good look. Funnily enough, Abby and I ended up buying the same skirt.  The boys in the office will get a good laugh if we end up wearing it at the same time...  On to bigger news...tomorrow I am going to my first BBQ in Australia. Some of you might be thinking, so what? But to any Aussies reading this, you will understand the importance. I have been here for over 2.5 years and have never had a proper Aussie BBQ. It's shameful. I've had Aussie friends put their hands on my shoulder and say, "Ohmygod, I am so sorry, we will rectify this."  But it just never happened. Invites happened, stuff came up, things fell through. I was starting to think I was cursed in BBQs.  But tomorrow will change all that...my first proper BBQ, in Asquith ( or ask with my ass, right Kristen?) and I'm bringing the salad because I'm "the girl." Boys hunt, me collect fruits and vegetables....whatever ;)  Quick note about our favourite almost-Seattleite, Kristen! I spoke to the lovely gal for nearly 2 hours last night. She says to send her love to you all, you all know who you are. I am very excited for her about her trip - she's leaving Monday, U.S. time, Smooches! :-)  Sunday I shall be mosey-ing on down to Science Day @ the Australian Museum and the Botanic Gardens etc. to see cool sciency stuff and make fun of Chad hosting the kiddie Solar Boat Race (I'm just jealous, Chad). Looking forward to  catching up with 2 of my new favourite gals, C + M. :)  Tonight I'll likely be heading to the movies...  Oh, and the good news is that I'll probably have some news next week. Yes,  that  news. That should mean something to my family and friends. Hint, hint.   Good luck to Rammstein and Co in Spain - I hope the grunting works. :-)  Later taters!