Me and My Big Mouth   I obviously jinxed the warm beautiful weather. :( It's been chilly - around 55 degrees F for all you little yankees, which is nothing for winter, but pains me and my pathetic body.   I was eating dinner while watching  24  last night and I was gripping my sandwich so tightly, I practically squeezed it to death, I was so tense, especially for those poor kidnapped gals. Yes, I'm getting way too into the show, but so what? ;) I was hooked on last week's show (thanks again, Shayna!) and I know exactly what was going to happen, but I was still sucked in.   Speaking of getting sucked in, I had no intention of watching  Ally McBeal  this season but those cruel bastards have cast James Marsden in the show and I now I have to watch the entire season just to perv at James. I don't normally go for uber-pretty boys, but I just can't help myself with him. Could his lips/eyes  be  any sexier?  Lots of stuff going on...in the ever elusive visa saga, I have to go get a full medical exam done first thing tomorrow morning. Blood-tests, urine tests, X-Rays, TB tests, the whole works. I love it when you have to do something that requires you to not pee before leaving the house in the morning. If there was something wrong with me, would they even tell me? I had to have this done two years ago and they don't tell you anything, it just goes straight to immigration. When you pay a couple of hundred bucks, you'd like to at least know your height and weight! Sigh...I wonder if I'll get the same nurse as last time. She saw my butterfly fetish (Based on my bfly shirt, rings, necklace) and took blood with a butterfly syringe. I was like, "Thanks, but I still don't want to watch you take my blood!"  Oh, one final thing before I head off to dinner with J and L, I just started reading,  Down Under  by Bill Bryson thanks to a loud recommendation from Rachel. (Thanks, Rach!) Last night I thought I was going to bust a lung or a rib, or pee my pants. I haven't laughed that hard at a book, a movie, or anything in so long....and I'm only into the second chapter. I was dying....I was laying in bed, crying, gasping for breath. You know when you get into those laughing fits and can't stop? That was me. He's such a hilarious writer, and I can relate to a lot of what he writes about. I can't wait to read more tonight. It will be a reward after I spend 2 hours filling out the official paperwork for my visa health exam! :-)