Wanna Get a Beer, Darl?   So, it's late, I'm walking home last night via Central Station and a very intoxicated man staggers alongside me. "Well, good evening, my lovely." I look at him briefly to make sure he hasn't got his hand out to grab my ass and I say, "Hey."  I begin to walk faster. "So," he says, staggering more quickly to catch up, "Whatchya got in that bag? Lead?" He laughs at his own wit. "Yes," I answer seriously. "I am carrying lead in my bag. It's all the rage. All the kids are doing it these days." He stares at me and thinks about this. To avoid further confusion he tries another approach. "So, where are you from?" After mulling over various answers like, "Sri Lanka, Azkaban, and Neptune," I decide to settle for "Boston."  This gets a startling reaction. "Boston, hey? Isn't that where all those pommy bastards, those Queen loving pommy bastards went to?" I nod and say, "Yes, yes it is. And they're all still there. Breeding." He accepts this and says, "So, you wanna come out with me for a beer, darl?" To which I say, brightly, "No thanks!" and jog away leaving him to think about Pommy bastards in Boston and why kids think it's cool to carry lead in their bags...     Random: Film, Music, Phones   Any Aussie Uni students out there? If you're born to direct, but people don't know it yet, head to the  urlLink National Student Film & Video Festival . Hurry, you've only got a couple weeks to go!  And if you're in Oz and a music lover of any kind, be sure to check out band comp heats at a campus near you for the  urlLink National Campus Band Comp . You can check out the  urlLink Band Comp Calendar  for the dates. Go on, support the kiddies!  So, I received a text message on my mobile/cell phone yesterday telling me that SMS chat was now available. Oh goody! SMS chat! That's just what I need. I  hate  sending text messages to my friends because I am the slowest text messager in the world (which is sad for one of the world's fastest typists*), and I usually get so annoyed after passing the letter I wanted three times in a row that I end up just calling the person,  so imagine the joy of knowing that I could be going crazy chatting people via painful SMS! If anyone is a satisfied Vodafone or Telstra customer out there, please  urlLink let me know . I've just about had it with Optus and the stupid 'Optus Lady' - about 70% of the time I try to call anyone, I get a message saying to please try my call later. Or my new favourite is when I get the message saying, "The mobile which you are calling is either unavailable or switched off..." and I'm only ever dialling 222, which is the number I use to check my voicemail. Doh! Plus, I just got my Optus long-distance phone bill. I cannot believe that it is correct - I am never home - how could I have possibly made so many calls from my home number? It's the biggest bill I've ever had and I was gone for 5 weeks in there - something's fishy. I may have to ask for a more detailed bill as the local calls add up to more than the long distance ones.   * Okay, so I'm not the world's fastest typist, but I'm the fastest typist I know. **The pic is of  La Sagrada Familia , Barcelona.