Real Estate Agent Blunders 202   I was sooooo sleepy last night and had to go to bed early. I think I'm sufferring from some sort of protein deficiency or something because I've been craving the strangest things. Do you know what I've ordered for breakfast the last couple days? Toasted sandwiches. But what was in those toasted sandwiches? Melted cheese, fried egg, and...baked beans!!! What the heck is that all about? I have never ever had beans in a sandwich before. But that's what I've been craving and I enjoyed them, dammit!  I forgot to mention this earlier, but HUGE thanks to the lovely Claudine for the most beautiful butterfly bracelet. I actually own absolutely nothing like it - which is amazing, since I am a butterfly freak. Just goes to show there are still new things out there for me! Thanks, C! I love it!  Okay, so back to my dumb-ass Real Estate Agent. I was up at the crack of dawn to vacuum the apartment etc. She was supposed to come over to inspect the place at 8.45am. At 9am, I ring her. She had forgotten about the appointment. She tells me she will be there in 10 minutes. 9.30am. She's not there and I'm officially late for work. I call her again. No answer. Wait 10 more minutes. I call again. No answer. I leave a message saying I'm leaving for work now. I call work to apologise, telling them the lady never showed up but I'm coming in straight away. As I arrive at my office building, I get a call from this flake asking me where I am.   I told her I left a message saying I had to go to work. She told me it was very irresponsible of me to leave like that. I told her it was very irresponsible of her to a) show up over an hour late and b) forget that we had the appointment in the first place. Anyway, I don't actually know what they inspect during an inspection. I hope she doesn't care about any random clutter - I mean, she did just let me know this was happening less than 24 hours beforehand...oh well. Hopefully I won't hear from her for a LONG time!  I should be doing a great deal of work tonight on my extra-curricular projects, but I'm too pooped. Going home to watch  24  and then going to bed - yay!