Real Estate Agent Blunders 101   Just had a fleeting heart attack - my real estate agent left a message on my mobile asking me to call her back. In the nearly three years I've lived in my apartment, they've never called for something good. I'm not behind on my rent dammit! I was worried they were going to say they were trying to kick me out again. The agent chick called me back several hours later, after I left a message...  Her: "I'm calling to tell you there was a mistake in the letter we sent you."  Me: "What letter? I never received any letter?" (Feeling nauseated, thinking of another pseudo eviction letter.)  Her: "Oh I definitely sent it."  Me: "Well, I definitely didn't receive it."  Her: "Do you receive mail?"  Me: "No, I have no friends. No family. I am a loser orphan who never receives mail."   Me:   "Yes, I receive mail, real actual mail and junk mail, all the time."  Her: "Oh wait, yeah, your letter came back to me."  Me: "So you have my letter - the one I didn't receive."  Her: "Yeah, it came back to me."  Me: "What did you have as the suburb?"  Her: "Broadway."  Me: "I live in Chippendale."  Her: "Oh."  Doh! She's my real estate agent - how can she not know what suburb I live in! Granted, that really shouldn't affect the delivery of my mail. I know there are some angry postal workers out there. They used to cross out Broadway all dramatically in red pen and write over it: CHIPPENDALE in capital letters if people writing to me put the wrong suburb, but they always actually delivered the mail. Are they actually not delivering it now? I find that hard to believe. It's 2007 vs. 2008, everyone knows my street. Gimme a break.  So, either that's what happened with my pseudo eviction letter, or my real estate agents are just idiots. I vote for the latter. I mean during the whole pseudo-eviction thing, this chick actualy said that the eviction letter came back to them in the mail. Now, wouldn't you think, "Hmmm, the resident has not received this eviction notice, as it came back to us, unopened - maybe she has no idea we've evicted her!"  Anyway, the good news is she just wants to come inspect the apartment. But the bad news is that I have to clean the apartment tonight! Oh well, it's a good excuse.   I was attempting to straighten up my bedroom on Sunday, i.e. hang up my clothes, make my bed, organise my books, pack up old immi.gration papers crap, vacuum etc, but I  so  did not want to clean my room that I procrastinated severely. Do you know what I did? I went through photos and ticket stubs from the last 3 years and I wrote letters to my Japanese pen pals who I haven't written to in about 10 years! (No kidding.) On the upside, I did write a letter to my grandmother (Babci) and as the sweetie writes me a letter every week, it's about time I sent her a letter back. What will I do to procrastinate tonight? Sort my CDs by colour? Arrange my lint from biggest to smallest? We'll see.  Last night I went over to Ray's house. He needs a model for his photography class (no, not a nude model, thank you), so I spent a couple hours dolled up in butterfly outfits, playing the guitar and pretending to write deep poetry. I hope I didn't break Ray's camera. Now that Kristen isn't here, poor Ray is modelless. So much for the continuation of my weekend story and Bad Manners...right now I'm off to clean!