Bon Voyage, Congratulations, More Sweet Dreams, More Music    Bon Voyage  Going out to Ray's farewell dinner and drinks tonight at some Japanese restaurant in Darlinghurst. Once again I will be acting as the Token Girl of the group. Somebody's got to do it, it might as well be me. We're all jealous Ray's going to get to travel this gorgeous globe for 5 whole weeks!   Congratulations  Belated congratulations to my younger and almost as wise (hehe) cousin, Jeff and his new bride, Amy. My cousin was supposed to be born on June 7th, 1977 and I was supposed to be born on June 17th, 1977. But instead, I popped out on June 7th and Jeff came into this world on June 8th. As most of my friends would say, it was the first and last time I was early for anything in my life. ;-) Anyhoo, we have an ongoing thing where Jeff calls me his older but not-wiser cousin...friendly family banter. In any case, the family tells me that Jeff and Amy looked fantastic and that the wedding was excellent. Sorry I couldn't be there, guys, but if you honeymoon in Oz, I'll happily be your tour guide! ;-)   More Sweet  urlLink Dreams   The never-ending stupid dreams/stupid nightmares saga gets dumber and dumber. I had a bizarre dream last night with a current friend, a current annoying aquaintance, a friend from elementary school, and my 'nemesis' from junior high school. She was this really evil girl who was pissed off that I was 'best friends' with someone else so she went and told all my friends lots of lies, so by the end of 8th grade, I had absolutely no friends to speak of. I had to start over and make all new friends. It was a very bizarre time. I haven't thought about her in ages - here's hoping I don't run into her on George St. or something!   I also had a weird dream where my parents dropped by my apartment to tell me they were concerned that I was never going to get married. It's not too hard to guess where this came from as when I called my parents for their anniversary on the weekend, the topic did come up. I think it's funny that my parents want me to get married, but they don't like the idea of me actually dating. However, as I'm not into the whole  urlLink arranged marriage  thing, I can't exactly skip the dating step. I told my mother that I'm in NO hurry to get married, AT ALL, and I'm not all that concerned about dating at the moment, but she reassured me that I might meet someone someday. Hahahaha. It was really funny - she even suggested that maybe I might run into that guy I met on a plane ride from Cairns to Darwin back in 1998. He was from Papua New Guinea and I wrote a story about him ages ago. I was cracking up on the phone. As if me bringing home a black man from Papua New Guinea would go down well with my family. ("What? He's not Irish?") Personally, I don't have a problem dating anyone from any nationality/background, and I wouldn't let anyone's views stop me from dating someone I liked, but I was laughing that my mom even brought up this guy. Is it a sign of my family's desperation? ;-) Anyway, it was a pretty funny dream, my parents flying 11,000 miles to tell me they're worried I'm never going to get married.   More Music  Going to see  urlLink iOTA  again tomorrow night and must get tix to see  urlLink Shihad  (Pacifier) on the 25th at the Sydney  urlLink Metro . I'm sorry, they may be  urlLink Pacifier  now, but they will always be  urlLink Shihad  to me. They were trying to break into the U.S. market around  urlLink September 11th  last year and people decided that  urlLink Shihad  sounded too much like Jihad and that it wouldn't go down well with the American market, so they became  urlLink Pacifier  (which is also a great song of theirs.) It's a major bummer that the name changed occurred partly to not-offend poor litle Yankees, but hell, as long as they keep playing great music, I don't care what they call themselves.   Oh, I've been forgetting to plug this!  The  urlLink John Butler Trio  are touring the States at the moment, so get your butts down there to see them, you little Yankees. I gave my father their EP for a belated Father's Day present (as Father's Day is in June in the U.S.) because I thought he would be into them, but he still has not really heard it because he has only played right before bedtime and my dad falls asleep in about 30 seconds. I order you to go, Dad! It's only a couple hours out of your life and when's the last time you went to a gig, anyway? Plus, I know you will like them! Also, I have emailed all the little Bostonites out there to be @ the Paradise on September 18th. If you have any faith in me at all (at least musically!), you will go! ;-) They are incredible live!  John Butler Trio September 18th  urlLink Paradise Rock Club  (it's only 8 bucks!) Boston , MA  September 19th Pearl Street Northampton, MA  You'd think I was getting commission or something! Sorry...but I love them, is that a crime?   Thanks to Tim for the link to Ani DiFranco's amazing poem, " urlLink Self Evident " inspired by Sept. 11th. It blew me away.  Have a good weekend, kiddies! And beware of Albania, as poor Rammstein can tell you from personal scary experience. ;-)