Left is Right, Right is Left   Before I talk about the left-right, right-left problem, I want to say: Happy Birthday to Claudine! We're going to Mt. Druitt to celebrate tonight. I've never been there before, but I'm sure it will be fun. ;-)  Okay, now I ask you... is the entire world flipping over to the other side? Becoming a mirror image of itself? First, yesterday I read that the  urlLink clitemid=XbeacedhCB&amp;amp;tid=WbbgbgdBI" target="_blank">Google mirror beats the Great Firewall of China , which I think is excellent that the "backwards" Google (in which you have to type everything backwards for the search to work) broke through China's firewall. It helps if you actually have a mirror on hand to help you read the results.   So that's all well and good. Then I get home to my apartment. For those of you who don't know, my apartment building has an entry way that I like to refer to as "the cage." If any freaks are following you home (and you know with me that is a very good likelihood), once you stick your key in, open the cage, and shut the door behind you. You're safe. In the cage. Right, so I've been living in this building for nearly 3 years. I took out my key and went for the cage lock only to discover that something was very wrong.   The door, which had always been on the right, was no on the left. Sometime between 8.30am and 7.30pm yesterday, some dumbass came along and took off the cage door and switched it around so it now opens on the left instead of the right. Huh? Why would you do that? It also opens out instead of in which just feels plain weird considering I've been doing the opposite for years. Is it a big deal? No. Is my life so boring that this is the best I can blog about today? Unfortunately, yes. But I just don't understand the logic of it.   At first I got scared and wondered if they'd changed the locks. That would be something my building would do. Just change the locks without telling anyone. The keys work, but you have to turn them upside down as they don't work the right way up anymore. Just as I got in the cage, my neighbour was coming out. The first thing he said was, "I'm not losing my mind right, the door is on the wrong side, isn't it?" I reassured him that it was. He looked at me, puzzled. "So, when we left for work this morning, the door was on the right and now it's on the left." I confirmed that was correct. "But, why?" I told him I had no idea.   And we laughed.   I said that it made even less sense than when they are painting the inside of our building and the painter thought he'd try to make the tenants feel like they were in "the know" by informing them of the names of the colours being used in the building. He would leave notes in the elevator like, "And the North walls will be painted Deep Forest Vine while the East walls will be painted Golden Amber Honey 10b, etc" and angry residents wrote things like, "Who the hell picked these stupid ugly colours and why are you telling us their names?"  Poor fella. I bet he was crushed.   Amendment: Okay, so I just got a message from a friend who said that it's a fire regulation that all public places must have doors opening outward. That makes sense, I get it. I think it's just weird they put the door on the other side without mentioning it to anyone. Maybe they wanted a good laugh!