Child of Technology   Okay, I just have to say, that I had a great big warm and fuzzy feeling this morning when I started up my computer to watch  Harry Potter  on DVD while laying in bed with the sunlight streaming through my window. I haven't done this in about 9 months!  It will never replace just reading a good book in bed on a lazy Saturday morning, but it does feel damn good. I'm more excited about the fact I'll be able to finally type up some of my stories.   I saw  urlLink Shay ,  urlLink Fidelma  (the gal with the lovely hair layers), Matt, Fiona (the hardworking gal with very impressive organising skills!) and Sal, and I spent most of the night with Josh, Gavin, and Lisa.  Faker and Big Heavy Stuff did very well @ the Annandale, and I enjoyed them heaps, but to be honest, the most visually entertaining act of the night was the drunk dude dancing in front of me and Josh. As Josh pointed out, this is obviously the guy that Elaine from Seinfield modeled her dance moves after! ;-) (Hey, if you're going to dance badly, you might as well do it for a good cause, and Youth Suicide Prevention definitely classifies as a great one.)  Big sorries to Andrew and Damian whom I didn't get to see last night! :(  I'm online now chatting with JJ and he is cracking me up. I've been catching him up on what a crazy/funny week I've had. Unfortunately none of it is appropriate for blogging, so you'll have to take my word for it. We were saying how my life is like a bizarre sitcom. I asked JJ if my sitcom would get good ratings and he said my sitcom would get great ratings and it would never be cancelled. He also said if my life were a TV show it would be: "Ally McBeal on Crack Meets Twin Peaks." ;-) He has known me for like 12 years now, so he would know!  Off to get myself a feed...."FEED ME, SEYMORE!" (As said in  Little Shop of Horrors   ;-)  p.s. The gang last night said to give big hellos to our favourite former Sydney-sider, Kristikeet! ;-) Oh, and big kudos to you, Kristen, for getting boys addicted to the  Gilmore Girls !