Mission Impossible   It seemed so easy. I've been left to house-sit for Jorge and Ray's apartment, except that I'm not actually living there. I'm just going over there every other day to water the plants and feed the fish, etc. I'm supposed to check their mail too. Who knew that would be the hardest part? I had the keys to the place for a while, but no one told me what key went to what. Ray left on Sunday. He said he would email me "futher instructions." Huh? He said he'd leave the mailbox keys on the kitchen table with more further instuctions. Huh?  So I got an email from Ray in Turkey. The keyboard he was using must have had some Turkish stuff going on as there were tons of symbols and I couldn't make much out. Something about mailboxes being near the main entrance of the building (which entrance is the main one? I think I have gone in and out of their building 5 different ways!) and to not close the  mailbox door all the way or it wouldn't shut. HUH?  So, that's all I had. I emailed Jorge to ask him for more info, in case I got stuck on these.  And I did.  I went over last night for the first time and I never found the bloody mailboxes. It took me a while to figure out which key got you in the front door of the building, and then I realised it wasn't even locked! Hehe! So I got inside and fumbled around for the right keys for the apartment door. People kept going by looking at me like I was breaking in or something. Ooops. So I got inside, fed the fish, watered the plants, took in the laundry from outside. Then I rewarded myself by playing Ray's piano for a half hour. I am sure the neighbours loved it. Ray left me a pile of pics from my "photo shoot" and once again I've proven to be  the  most un-photogenic person on the planet.  I actually look scary in some of the photos and we all know how intimidating I am! The pics are good quality, it's just the subject matter (me) is just not happening on the photos. Oh well!  So, only thing left to do: check the mail. Easy, right?  Wrong!  So I went downstairs by what SEEMED like a logical "main entrance." Nope. No mailboxes. I walked out and then left. Nothing. Went back and turned right. Nothing. Where the hell would the postman have to go? Surely it can't be somewhere difficult? So I did a circle around the whole building and ended up alone in a dodgy alley way with two equally dodgy men walking by and I high-tailed it the hell out of there...  So this morning I get an e-mail from Jorge saying that outside the elevators there is a locked door and I have to use the pink key to open the door that leads to the mailroom. Ah-HA. Great directions, Ray! ;-)  Anyhoo, I'll try again tomorrow!  Tonight I'm off to a 4 hour  Reign of Fire  extravaganza at Hoyts on George Street....