Signs I Might Be Tired     I start typing things phonetically (i.e. incorrectly) by accident, all the time.  I accidentally e-mail things meant for other people, to myself.   I think of a really hilarious quote on the way home from work and decide to create a silly/fun graphic in photoshop and actually work on said project for half an hour only to realise I've forgotten original funny quote, i.e. the whole frickin' POINT of the project.  Despite item #3, I continue with project, deciding a point is not all that it's cracked up to be.  Reading Kristen's blog about how she was depressed about watching 4 episodes of the  Golden Girls  in one day and feeling really jealous.  I  love  that show and squealed when it came on when I was back in the States in July...(Kristen you have to send me those quizzes and I want to play the online game! Can I be Blanche's wayward daughter? The stupid one who thinks she's going to have 'natural childbirth'?)  Waking up after little sleep, freaking out about how I'm going to be late for work, realise it's Saturday, and then remember that, oh yeah, I  am  going into work today. Doh!  Falling asleep in the shower. I've done this before. It doesn't happen often, but when it does, I wake up, leaning against a wall of the shower, extremely grateful I didn't lean against the only side of the shower without a wall and crack my head open or something.  Accidentally buying....oh god....wait for it... diet  soda. EW! I was aiming for regular pepsi, bought what I thought was regular pepsi, walked outside, opened it, took a big gulp, and felt horrified at the lack of aftertaste/taste in general. How did I miss the huge screaming 'MAX' in PepsiMax??? Disgusting.   Accidentally tattooing my boob. I was getting dressed and something blue caught my eye and I looked down and nearly screamed. What the hell? There was a blue tattoo on my boob! Had a slept through some sort of satanic cult tattooing ritual? Then I realised the tattoo looked familiar. I peered down at the blue stamp on my wrist from the Pacifier/Shihad show at the Metro on Wednesday. Some how, either in the shower, or while I was sleeping, I must have pressed my wrist up to my right boob as I have an identical (albeit sideways) 'tattoo' on the side of my boob. I t looks like I just spent some time in prison.   *yawn* Better go shower and get dressed. I'll try to stay awake in their and loofah the stamps off my wrist and boob.