Is That the Sun?   Okay, this is annoying. I hate trying to go to bed after the sun has already come up! I just arrived home from my Saturday night at 6.30am. What a bizarre night! It all started with just having a stroll down King Street, which included randomly running into Paulo, Rocky, Claudine, Mia, and Marvin. Then we danced to a weird cover band at the Marly Bar. As per usual, a lot of the grandpas seemed to like me. Two 20-something guys asked me to dance and I said I would be happy to dance, like  next  to them, but that I wouldn't dance  with  them.  (i.e. hey, we can all have a dance on the dance floor, but don't touch me!). I had a good time dancing though, despite desperately trying to avoid eye contact with guys...  Later on we met some very interesting characters. A few tips for guys trying to hit on girls:    Don't lie about your age. If you're a baby, just admit you're a baby and be done with it. We're going to find out eventually, and we usually know you're lying up front, which ensures you will never see us again.  Don't blatantly stare at a girl's boobs when she's talking to you. A little subtlety goes a long way.  Speaking to a gal for about 20 minutes does not automatically entitle you to the whole back/hair/waist touching thing. We understand that you are doing this so as to "mark your territory" as there are heaps of other guys around who might be trying to move in, but we're not trees, so don't piss on us.   Don't act like an idiot and be an ass because a girl's not reciprocating romantic or lusty feelings and then act all shocked when she  still  doesn't want to hang out with you later on.   Don't lie about what you do for a living. Much like the age thing, we're going to find out about it. And please, if you're going to tell a fib, at least make it sound plausible. Women like to believe you think they have an IQ about 80.  Just take no for an answer. etc. etc   When the Marly closed we went to the Bank Hotel until they closed and then we ended up at the Town Hall and bumped into more people. All in all a very entertaining evening!  Good night!