urlLink    Hallelujah! & Scary Things I Come Up With When I'm Sleep Deprived   Ding-dong the website is dead! Okay, actually, it's not dead, it's just gone live, but it's "done." For now. Still more stuff to do on it, but I am actually going to bed soon as it's okay enough to go live - yay!  So I got home from work at 11pm on a Sunday. It's just another thing for me to put in the "things I've done that I hope to never do again" list.  Spent most of the day in the office today, and most of it in the office yesterday. Thank god I went to Sal's b-day shindig last night or this would have been the lamest weekend of my entire life. (Thank you to Claudine for saving me from myself...I had fallen asleep on Saturday night and her phone call woke me up in time to get my butt to the Civic Hotel!) Sal looked absolutely beautiful last night and  urlLink Mr. Shay  was looking extremely dapper! A very snazzy couple indeed!   Miss  urlLink Fidelma  made me laugh when we were walking down the street, everyone freezing except for me, and said, "Damn you Americans and your good winter coats!"  And I laughed and protested, "But I got this here! In Sydney! For 10 bucks!" And it's true, I found this cute little winter jacket on sale, marked down from $69 to $10. I couldn't resist. Owen says it looks like I'm wearing a sheep, but I don't care - I love it. And it's not really wool, thankfully, as I'm basically, allergic to anything with hair....sigh.  Even funnier is that about 5 minutes later Shay said something similar about my jacket and once again I insisted I got the jacket here, in good ol' Oz. So there you have it...Australians may not have central heating in most homes, but dammit, they do have some really warm winter coats, on sale for $10, no less. You just have to be as thrifty (read: poor) as me to notice ;-)   Nah, I'd still buy cheap clothes even if I was rich as I am the biggest slob/klutz of all time and I would only eventually spill spaghetti sauce on something expensive, or trip and fall and get a big tear in it. I rarely buy anything over $30 clothing-wise. That way, if something happens to it (and something will, mind you), it's not a big deal.  Remember, I am the granddaughter of a woman who broke her collarbone playing poker. I've accepted my genes and I am acting accordingly. ;-)  I spoke to the lovely Kristen this evening. She rang while I was at work. It was a great/funny/fantastic conversation for the most part, but it got beyond stressful when Kristen heard a fight breaking out on her street and noticed people screaming and fleeing from a bar across from her apartment.  She thought this guy might have had a gun. She thought she heard a gunshot, which would explain why people were screaming and running.  I was freaking out..."Ohmygod, get the hell away from the window, Kristen! Get down! Get down on the ground! Stay there!"  By the time we hung up, things were under control, at least I hope so!   Scary Things I Do When I'm Sleep Deprived   Now to explain that dodgy 'magazine cover'...Yeah, so I took a half hour this weekend to procrastinate from working on that damn website to come up with this rather pathetic attempt at humour. I was just a few brain cells short of funny, but the main thing was that Ray took this photo of me, as you can see, where I look like I'm some pre-pubescent 12 year old teenybopper trying to  make it in the entertainment industry...and the rest is history. (Note to my cousins: Yes, I'm being sarcastic! ;-)  p.s. Big thanks to Rammstein - I just got your virtual/actual postcard and it rocks! Long live the Nerds of the Night! ;-)