Food, More Food, Bugs, Babies, and BBQs   Let's see...trying to re-cap from end of last week...Thursday night I had dinner @ this Greek restaurant in Newtown with Glenn...he should be a stand-up comedian, I tell you. We were exchanging funny stories about all sorts of things, including former roommates and anyone who knows me knows I've had my share of crazy roommates. ;-)  Friday I had dinner @ this German restaurant in Darlinghurst...I ordered the goulash to see if it was anything like the Goulash my Grandma used to me. You know what, it's nothing like it! It wasn't bad, but it was an entirely different species. Grandma's goulash kicks ass!  Saturday I did I did a lot of walking around, some reading and writing - caught up with Lis, Angela, Meredyth, and Leslie on Saturday nite. We spent a lot of time sitting around and talking about cockroaches, spiders, other creepy bugs. Yes, guys, you've always wanted to know what girls talk about - not naked pillow fights, men, dating, or foreplay. We talk about bugs. And our tactics for killing them. ;-) Lis and Meredyth went home first, and I stayed with Angela and Leslie...about 20 minutes later, Lis and Meredyth are back @ the pub...we were like, 'what's wrong?' They came back because there was a big bug in the bathroom and they were too scared to use it. Hehe! So Angela had to go home and remove the sucker. Turned out to be a cricket. I've never seen a cricket in Oz. Apparently the yankees said that the cricket didn't look like a yankee cricket. Whatever that means.  I kept seeing babies this weekend. Saturday and Sunday. I know babies are everywhere and I see them everywhere, but this weekend in particular I was feeling extra clucky! Every baby seemed extra beautiful. It was all I could do from going over to stranger's babies and asking them if I could please pick up their child. Seriously, I wanted to! Babies always smile at me - probably because I'm funny looking, but still! ;-) I just kept going, 'awww!' over their little smiles and their little hands with their itty bitty little fingernails....I mean, I do 'awwww' over baby shoes for pete's sake...does anyone have a baby I can hold or baby-sit for a bit? I just want to play a few rounds of paddy-cake, and then I'll give him/her back! ;-)  Sunday was a luscious BBQ at Owen & Clive's. YUMMY! Once again, the Prime boys have outdone themselves. They had a Prime Sausage Tasting. We were each given scoring sheets to rate the moisture, flavour, meat quality of each type of sausage. They had Prime Originals 1 + 2, Honey Soy, Chilli, and Lamb & Rosemary. They were ALL good, but I really loved the Honey Soy, Lamb & Rosemary, and Original 1. Damn, now I'm hungry. Clive also made all sorts of yummy side dishes. I had intended to actually make some kind of dessert but when I woke up on Sunday morning, I was just laying in bed going, "Nah, not gonna happen." So I bought some goodies at Michel's instead. Strawberry Gateau and Blueberry Cheesecake. Damn, now I'm REALLY hungry.   Hoping to go to Melbourne this weekend, but not sure if I can get Friday off yet, so fingers (and toes!) crossed Would be good to see the National Campus Band Comp Final action and Dave/Ian/Angela/Chris/Fleur/ + posse! Just checked flights to Melbourne - yikes, they're filling up fast!  Thanks to Kristen for leaving 2 hilarious messages on my voicemails.  Both of which are making fun of me on my voicemail messages. I saved one of them, which still cracks me up, on like my 15th listen. It starts off with Kristen doing a really great imitation of me on my mobile phone. She says my message sounds like phone porn. And she's not the first to say that. I don't think I've ever heard my voicemail before, so I have no idea...perhaps it's time to change that??? ;-) We will chat soon, Kristikeet, I promise!   Mom and Dad, I am alive, and yes, I still think you should come to Oz in February - I will ring you soon, and yes, Dad, I have completely forgotten that it's your 50th birthday this Friday. :-)