Ohhhh, I-eeeee-iiii I-iii, I'm Still Alive Ehhhh ohhhh, I-eee-iii I-iii, I'm Still Alive   Sorry, couldn't help it. That was my typed rendition of Pearl Jam's "Alive" - did you recognise it? No? Okay, nevermind ;-)   Pearl Jam Update  I missed out on Pearl Jam tix for their first concert today (*pout*) but I got tix for their 2nd concert, on the 13th of February at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. I got Row S. Hrmph. Well, that's better than last time, when I was in Row X. However, Row X was really Row Z (up against the wall) so the only way I could have been further back this time is if I was actually standing outside. Oh well, it's taken me four years to move five rows closer, but what can you do. I'll try to remember to bring binoculars this time!   Sculptures by the Sea  My lazy slacker self has still not put up pics from last weekend. Last Saturday I did the walk from Bondi Beach to Coogee Beach - finally! Kristen and I tried to do that walk a couple of years ago, but were unsuccessful because it was dark, we couldn't see where we were going, there was some creepy bagpiper following us, and we were tired.  My favourite part (other than the creepy bagpiper of course) was when we were walking in pitch blackness and I started squinting going, "Um, are those gravestones? Kristen, are we in a cemetary?" And yup, we were! Anyway, it was nice doing the walk this time around in the DAYTIME like a normal person. It took me about two hours, not bad considering I kept stopping to take pics.  "Sculptures by the Sea" was on last weekend and I highly recommend you go this weekend (it's the last weekend!), if you haven't seen it. Really cool amazing sculptures have been set up on the rocks by the ocean from Bondi Beach to Tamarama Beach. I will  eventually  have pics up of some of my favourite pieces.   Decorating Dork  And the apartment cleaning/decoration continues. I didn't get nearly enough cleaning/decorating done this week. My apartment looks like a hurricane passed through. I'm going through and throwing a lot of crap out - it's long overdue. And lo and behold I got a phone call from my stupid idiotic incompetent real estate agent this week. They want to come look at my apartment to figure out what it's worth in case the landlord wants to sell it. Don't know if the landlord wants to sell it, like, now, in which case I'd have to move out, but we'll see. The agent is coming by on Monday, so I feel pressure to hurry up and get my apartment looking better, which is annoying. Maybe I should leave it as it is - then they can recommend to the landlord never to sell it, no one would buy. ;-)    Curtain Chaos  More curtain chaos. I decided I didn't want the purple curtains in my bedroom, just the blue ones. So of course that meant going through the fun I blogged about not so long ago...and guess what? The screws were barely having any effect on the curtain rod.  They were basically in there, just for show, and pretty much fell out as soon as I touched them with my screwdriver. (How did this happen???) So, it appears that for the last week, my curtain rod has been held up by magic. Lovely. Oh, well, at least I got the purple off, the blue/green on, and the rod is still up by magic, plus more help from the screws this time. It was worth it, dammit, the blue curtains alone look luscious! Love it! Yeah, I know, I'm sad, I'm getting excited about curtains.   I'm on Hiatus  As most of you probably know, I've been on a self-imposed 'dating hiatus' for a while now. Yes, it's my decision to be dateless at the moment, and I'm happy with this choice. (I mean, it's not like I couldn't pick from a wide variety of local freaks to go out with!) What is utterly baffling to me, though,  is that since I went cold-turkey, the most non-relationshippy friends I have went jumping through dating hurdles at top speed. People I know who couldn't handle 2 consecutive dates with the same person are now celebrating 8 month anniversaries. Even several my gay guy friends are in long-term relationships, no offense to them, but it is a fairly rare thing! I'm happy for them all, but it's a wacky, crazy world, I tell ya. Is there some sort of dating quota? I.e. I stop dating, so my friends have to up their dating quota in order to make up for my zero count? ;-) It's all about choices though, and I'm happy with mine. :-)   Writing Weekend  Better be off to bed, I've got to be up early for a Writer's Weekend. I'm taking a Life Writing Workshop on Saturday and Sunday, starting at 9.30 (sigh), so I better catch some Zzzzzs, that sunlight will be streaming through in no time!