Too Behind   A list of lately:  Happy Belated Thanksgiving - it was good talking to the Irish side of my family for 2 hours last week - it was actually worth getting up at 6am even though I had to hear the frustration in my 13-14 year old cousins' voices at hearing that I still had no share-able boy gossip for them. ;-)  My Life writing course from a couple weeks ago was fantastic. I even won one of my tutor's novels, which is based on her real life depression, nervous-break-down, stints in and out of psychiatric hospitals, and suicide attempt. Very grueling reading about such things when you  know  the person, but thankfully I knew that there was a positive ending. It's a very amazing novel.   Apartment decoration 201...the apartment is slowly but surely getting better. In fact, not to toot my own horn or anything, but it just might be the 1.25 star motel now. I may have moved up a quarter of a star - wheeeeeee!  I no longer make any eye-contact with anyone on the street my office building is on as it has been taken over by  construction workers building and tearing stuff down all up and down the street, on both sides. There's nothing like cat-calls first thing in the morning, at lunch, when leaving work, when going for chocolate runs, you name it. They'll whistle at anything.  It's smokey. It smells like a BBQ all over Sydney. I just can't get over the bush-fire madness. I know, it happens every year, but I just can't get my head around it. One of my co-workers left work after lunch today to go home and keep an eye on his house....to make sure it wasn't going to be burned down. Yikes. Just can't imagine that. I guess I've taken little Springfield for granted. We do snow. And we had a hurricane once, but no bush fires.  The childhood debate is over. I was chatting to a friend about childhood crushes and I was laughing thinking about the diary I kept when I was 7. (Yes, I know, what kind of 7 year old keeps a diary? A nerdy one, that's what. ) Anyhoo, I'd write my  deepest  thoughts and concerns, which mostly dealt with things like, "Dear Diary, please help me, I don't know what to do. Who should I marry? Jon Bon Jovi or Michael Jackson?"  My friend thought about this for a moment and said, "Well, the good news is, you wouldn't have to think twice about your decision about that now!" Hahahahahaha. Jon Bon Jovi has been guest-starring on Ally McBeal here and I've been totally pining away from the comfort of my couch. His character is the perfect guy (i.e. the guy who would never like me) who's cute, musical, laid-back, go-with-the flow, sweet, reasonable, romantic, smart, funny, and he knows the answers to all of Ally's problems. That's saying a lot because Ally has a  lot  of problems. Then I find myself getting upset that his character would ever fall for such a nut-job like her. I know, it's only television, but I have had more time to think about this now that  24  is over. :(   I saw Harry Potter the other day. Loved it. I loved it even though it can't even come close to competing with the book. Not even  close . I had to refrain from holding my hands up in the air every time they changed something stupid, but I was still happy I went to see it. It was bizarre hearing all the boys voices changing! And yes, I too am a dirty old woman just like this  urlLink cool chick  for thinking that the actor playing Oliver Wood is adorable. Too bad he's only 19. Though, again, I say, is it that bad if I look about 14? ;-)  Going to see Jon Spencer Blues Explosion tonight at the Metro. Woo-hoo.  Going to Homebake on Saturday with the lovely Claudine and maybe Dave if his slack-ass ever buys a ticket! :-D  Going to try to catch up with Adrian, Josh, and Dave this weekend, if all goes to plan!  Huge congratulations to Reece's Pieces on her amazing start to her Seattle AP gig! Mum is so proud of you! ;-)