Thank you Mum & Dad!  and  I'm Going West for X-mas     My parents are good Santas   First of all HUGE thanks to my Mom and Dad for their lovely X-mas package that I received today. It took all my willpower not to rip open all the little goodies inside. I just chose one...which happened to be The Lord of the Rings special extended DVD edition for Fellowship of the Rings - YAY! So excited! I've been wanting this so bad! Can't wait to watch it! I've been totally PMS-ing today and feeling really tired, yucky, and a bit down, so this Christmas package came just in time. I am going to try to wait to open up the other gifts, but we'll see how long it lasts!  Thanks, you guys! Mwah!   Going out West   I've decided that I like being poor, I like eating two-minute noodles, and money is overrated. What good is having $ if you don't enjoy it, right? So I found a good deal to go somewhere I've been wanting to go for AGES, so I'm going to Perth/Western Australia for Christmas. Yay again. I am so excited. Again! I figure if I'm going to be alone for Christmas, I might as well be on holiday, right? I've got several friends from Perth who've been giving me great tips, but if you have any more recommendations for me, I'd love to hear them.  urlLink Email me!  Any tours, hostels, places to go, things to do - I wanna hear it. As it is, I think I'm going to to run out of time very quickly. There are so many things that sound wonderful. I'm definitely going to do some sort of Southwest tour and hit Margaret River etc. I'm so thrilled to be finally getting to WA - should be a lot of fun. I'm going to miss being with my family this year, but Perth should be a blast!  Lots to say, but it'll have to wait till tomorrow, I'm zonked!  Big big thanks to the lovely Claudine for sending me a box of lollies at work! I always said she was the sweetest gal - I was right! ;-) I asked to see some of her graphic design work and not only did she send me funky cool box she designed, she sent me the lollies that went in them! How cool is that?   Special thanks to Brian and Dhruv for not giving up on me even though I'm so terrible at keeping in touch. And big hugs to Javier for sending me that last email. :-D