Merry Belated Christmas, Happy Boxing Day,  and Boy is Perth a Small World After All   Hope y'all had a good Christmas. Even though I  was disappointed about not getting to go home to Springfield for Xmas this year, it's probably just as well. They're supposed to get like  12 inches of snow and when I  chatted to my  parents and my mum's side of the family last night, they were just going to drop the pressies  off at the other  side of the family's shindig and  get the hell home  before the storm  totally set in, so I wouldn't have really seen like half my family on  xmas. And my  poor dad had a stomach flu right before xmas, which I surely would have caught. Plus, friends have told me that the weather in Sydney's been crapola since I left, so I  am ever so happy with  my  decision to come to Perth.  The weather in Perth rocks. It's very hot,  but better than the weird  warm/cold/warm/cold weather  in Syd lately. I've been taking it easy to far. I arrived her on Christmas Eve evening and met up with my friend Josh at the Globe. He text messaged me to ask if I was there yet and I messaged him to say I was in the back. 2 secs later I feel a tap on my shoulder. I turn around and it's Drew from  Karnivool, whom I met over a year ago in Tasmania at the  National Campus Band Competition.    And  if that wasn't enough to prove that Perth isn't that big, it turns out I had already  reviewed two of the three bands performing that night, at past National Campus Band Comp finals, El Horizonte, and  Heavy Weight Champ.   Do-do-do-do. It's a small  world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small  small  world! :-)   So I hung out with Josh for a while, the went home to my hostel which is  very conveniently located in the city.  Yesterday, on Christmas Day, I went to the beach. I  went to  Cottesloe, which is absolutely beautiful. It reminded me a tiny bit of Sitges,  outside Barcelona. It was  much smaller, but very cute. The water was gorgeous and I was happy to be swimming in the Indian Ocean for the first time. Despite my  re-application of sunscreen THREE  times,   (before I got to the beach, once I got to the beach, and then  right after I got out of the water,) I stil got a  minor sunburn.  Nothing major, but I've got   some colour now on my  albino white boobage area.  Either the sun is so strong, it just laughed at my  3x application of SPF 30, or my albino  white boobs which have hardly ever  seen the light of  day  in 25 years just  couldn't take it.    So, it's not a big deal, but I was annoyed cause I was so sure that area  was safe. I'm happy to report that my back is still white as ever even though I had to apply the sunscreen to my back all by myself and the whole area is exposed to the sun. Go  contortionist Lori!  So I stayed yesterday at the beach until the sun set and I photographed that -  I had slight flashbacks  to the time I thought I was going to die after  photographing the  sunset at East Point, outside Darwin  (Northern Territory)  and was trying to  find my way back  in pitch  blackness. Lucky  I knew my way back to Cottesloe  train station!  Today I took it easy and just did the Swan River  Cruise thing, which was nice and relaxing. I tried  and tried to book a tour for today, but nobody was open yesterday to take bookings - just as well, I've been so tired,  the cruise was  just what I needed. I took pics of the awesome townhouses I would like to live in if I ever moved to Perth. ;-)  Or maybe they could be my parents'  retirement home.  They keep  talking about retiring  in  Oz and Perth is  safely  far enough away from Sydney....just kidding, guys :-)  Tomorrow I'm doing a 'Pinnacles  at  Sunset' tour. They pick you up at  noon, and you stop  and see/do a bunch of cool stuff before  arriving in the  desert at sunset  to see the Pinnacles (these alienish looking   rock formations in the middle of the desert). Then  we  dine on freshly caught fish  (yum)  and camp out overnight in sleeping bags under the stars. I've never  camped out before EVER  so I'm looking forward to it!   In the morning, we go swimming at a  beach and then we go  sandsurfing  and  catch breakfast before heading back to Perth  by  noon on Sat. Saturday  arvo I plan to go to Freemantle and Subiaco.  Sunday I'm  going to do a Southwest tour including Margaret River and Mandurah.  Then   on Monday, my last (sob)  day here, I'm doing an Eco-boat tour of  Rottnest Island , which includes fishing, snorkeling, seeing those   cute little quokkas, and hopefully (fingers crossed!)  ,  seeing some dolphins!  Please, Flipper, come to Lori! :-)  p.s. Thanks to my work Secret Santa, I've read the most hilarious book in ages -  Stupid White Men  by Michael Moore. EVERYONE should read this! It is so fricking funny and it almost makes me want to hop on the next plane back to the U.S.A. to try to save America from itself .(My parents will like hearing this!) It is funny and inspirational and surprising and jaw-dropping. LOVE IT! Amazing job, once again, Mr. Moore!