Music, Dancing, Good Food, and Good Deads   This pretty much sums up my weekend. I went to see Gerling @ The Annandale on Saturday, with Claudine, Nigel, Todd, and Brooke - it was EXCELLENT. I was a good little girl and wore my ear plugs, so it was great and I wasn't deaf like everyone else afterwards. After that, we jetted over to Fox Studios to catch the last hour of Chad's DJ-ing - it was a cute dance floor and it was good fun dancing along to Chad's picks for grooves. Go DJ, Go DJ! ;-) After  that  we were starving so we drove to Coogee to grab some yummy pizza while Chad played DJ in the car.  Great night indeed, and Claud ever so nicely drove me home - yay!   Tonight I was supposed to go see Andrew's band, Quarter Acre, play at the Hollywood Hotel. I promised him I'd be there and I  really  wanted to go, except that about an hour and a half before I needed to leave, I was laying on my bed, in the fetal position, praying for the cramps to stop, and waiting for 4 panadeines to kick in. I know, I know, this is all WAY too much information, but I swear, Andrew's gigs are all freakishly on par with my errr, 'female  cycle' - what the hell??? I was going to suggest to him that his change the name of his band to '28 Days' - but that's already been taken. ;-) I have missed at least two gigs in the past because I started my freaking period like right before his show, and I just couldn't get up out of bed, so when it happened tonight, I was like, "WHY? WHYYYY?"  But I was determined. Besides, I'd already used the PMS excuse too many times before - even though it was actually true! Anyhoo, no one's probably even reading this blog entry anymore as I've turned everyone off by discussing my cramps, but whatever. I'm glad I sucked it up as Quarter Acre put on an excellent show and I got to catch up with my friend Angela's sister Lucy, who is really sweet and told me all about her trip to South America (so jealous!) .  Andrew was his usual hilarious self and we went out to dinner afterwards to this yummy Korean restaurant in the city. The food was fantastic and it's hilarious to see people's jaws drop open when they hear this red-haired white little aussie guy speak some good Korean! Hehe.   On our way to the restaurant, however, we came across a water tap that was beyond busted and basically, a 'river' was flowing down Campbell Street. Some of you may not know, but we're experiencing a major drought in New South Wales, so all this water being wasted was extra bad  due to the current situation. What to do? We wanted to call Sydney Water, but didn't know the number and both of us were out of credit on our phones, so we walked to the nearest police station and reported the busted pipe and the raging river flowing down Campbell Street. The cops looked at us like we were on crack for a moment, but when they realised we were completely sober and just wanting someone to fix the water leak, they were like, "Cool, thanks, guys!"  After our yummy dinner, we went back to check, and sure enough, the pipe had been fixed! So that was our good deed for the evening.   I'm so excited about my trip to Perth that I actually started packing  yesterday , on Saturday. I never pack until the morning of a trip, pretty much, so you can tell I am more than enthusiastic. Big thanks to Jamie, Adam, and Lisa for their recent Perth tips!