Happy New Year from Sydney!    So, I got back to Sydney from Perth this morning at 6.30am. And what am I doing right now? Well, it's about 6.30pm on New Year's Eve and I'm laying on my bed in my nightgown, hoping for the best. I am in pain and hoping for the humiliation to stop. I am in the worst physical condition of anyone I know - it's pathetic! It took me nearly 20 minutes to walk to Broadway this arvo (normally takes me about 3). I was on a mission to buy that cream old people use on their aches and pains...I was on the phone with my parents earlier and I was like, "What's that cream older people use? That gay cream?" They started laughing - 'Um, BenGay, Lori..." "Yeah, that's it!"  I don't know if they have BenGay here...no doubt they have Gay Bens, but that's Sydney for ya. ;-). So I just bought this odor-less gel (so I won't have to smell like an elderly person, no offence to elderly people) that targets aching muscles/pain. I hope it works...right now I swear like a drunken sailor any time I need to sit down, stand up, move, etc. I don't know what I was expecting. You can't be a lazy ass all your life and then expect your muscles not to fight back when you suddenly decide to use them!  I have pulled every leg muscle from the knee up and I am sunburned on my left left, from the knee down. OW.  The pain got its foundation from sandsurfing/sledding in a little town called Lancelin in Western Australia (the actually sledding DOWN part was aweseome - it was climbing up that was a bitch!) Imagine climbing the steepest hill you can think of, only it's all made out of sand, so you just keep sinking back down. Best workout ever - forget stair master - SAND MASTER! So Sandmaster was the beginning of the pain, but it's what I experienced yesterday en route to Rottnest Island that enabled me to take my original pain to an all new level! It was also on this Rottnest adventure I got random bits of sunburn on my left calve, my left thigh, and my right hand/wrist. I'd forgotten how painful sunburn is.   I am too tired to tell the story now, so hopefully tomorrow, but boy was it an adventure I've never had before. I have lots of stories from Perth/WA, which I'll probably split up and re-cap over this week. In the meantime, I'm trying to get myself fit for going out tonight. I have 4 options, one of which I've already vetoed. There's no way in hell I can stand around for fireworks tonight. I adore Sydney's fireworks, but I have to live with my legs all year and they will not be standing for this tonight - literally. ;-) There are three little shindigs which sound promising, my only problem is actually motivating myself to get to one of them. I don't want to go out. I don't want to move. I just want to lie in a tub of ice and aloe. Is that so wrong?  Anyway, please ignore all my stupid whinging - I am well aware that a very sore and sunburned body is not a big deal and the main thing is that I had a wonderful time in Western Australia and met lots of cool/funny people. I would totally go back there to do the things I missed out on this time.   Okay, back to my aloe time....