Lord of the Rings, Lady of the Moths   I took it easy and had a very quiet weekend. Went to the movies on sat. Finally saw  Lord of the Rings (Two Towers)   with my one friend who hadn't seen it yet. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me, but I attract moths wherever I go. It must have something to do with my apartment.   I had a moth problem eons ago when Kristen was staying with me, and then they disappeared after she left. Maybe they figured she was the fun one and decided the party was over. But then I had my balcony doors open at night a couple months ago and a couple moths flew in, attracted to the light, I guess - and they've decided to mate and settle their colony into my apartment. :(  Let me tell you something...Moths mate like rabbits! I have no idea where they're mating - all I know is that no matter how many I kill, more turn up! I've got moth balls on top of my kitchen cupboards (I just love that old-lady's house moth ball smell!) and I've got lavendar clothes protector thingies in my closets and I've got 'moth traps' which have this moth pheremone in them to attract them and moths land and get stuck to it.   And now, EVERYwhere I go, moths find me. Including the movie theatres. For THREE hours, this freaking moth kept flying in my face during  Lord of the Rings  - the people behind me must have thought I was nuts, the way I kept flapping my hand in front of my face, trying to whack the moth away.  It's happened at various stores/shopping centres all over Sydney. At restaurants. You name it. My friends never believe me, until they witness it! Moths find me! I'd be in Freedom (yes, yes, the homewares department) one time and one of my friends started laughing going, "ohmygod, there's a moth flying around your head." And then we'd be at KMART and within minutes, guess what was flying around my face? Food courts, by the Harbour, at Grace Brothers, in the CBD, Chinatown, Surry Hills, even in Perth! I had moths following me around Perth! What the hell????  One friend even bought me a new set of fly/bug swatters so I have them in every room of my apartment for easy access for my sport of moth-massacre. I wouldn't care so much that they're there, if they didn't have to show off and fly around my face and head all the time.   So, my theories on why moths are stalking me are:    I smell like moth balls and I've created a mutant strain of moths that are attracted instead of repelled to it   I smell like moth pheremones (from the traps) and they think I'm a moth too and land on me in an attempt to mate with me (as if I don't have enough freaks hitting on me - must I have a whole other species cracking on to me too?)  !   The moths see all my butterfly stuff in my apartment, on my clothes, on my jewelry and assume they're welcome! ;-)    Is this bad karma for not going to see  he Mothman Prophecy   Any moth specialists out there?   I'm not sure if I've mentioned this before, but Lisa was mulling over the whole moth thing before she left Oz and was like, "It's like your life, really. You like butterflies, but you only get the moths."  Sad, but true! ;-)  My friend Abby has given me a recommendation on how to get rid of the moths - I'll report back soon...hopefully my little non-paying colony of boarders will be gone before my parents make their 2nd trip to Australia in February. The countdown is on!  And now for something random:     urlLink How old are you?   It's more effective when you're older, I guess, but still cool...I tried typing in my grandparents' and great grandparents' b-days - that really put things in perspective! Type in your birthdate Yankee style (mm/dd/yyyy)   urlLink here .