Cairns...5 years later...   So, I'm now in Cairns with my parents who are back in Australia for their 2nd visit. They were last here 3 years ago and this time around I decided to take them to Cairns as a) I thought they'd enjoy it and b) Even though I've been here before, there are plenty of things I  didn't get a chance to see and do.  What is really crazy is that I was last in Cairns  5 years ago . That makes me feel super old! Geez! And I saw my beloved Pearl Jam last night at the Entertainment Centre and I also saw them there  5 years ago . Jaysus! Time is going by scarily fast. Though apparently, even though I feel old, I do not seem to have been touched by the ageing process. Granted, anyone who knows me knows I look young for my age, but I think the fact that I've been walking around with my parents has made me look even younger. People keep thinking I'm like 16 or something. "No, I'm 25, I'm just with my parents!" No one can believe the 25 thing. I keep getting, "But you don't look a day over 17!" Hate to break it to you guys, but I'm OLD, I'm not jail bait! ;-)  Anyhoo, today was about 32 degrees in Cairns...I took a detour via Brisbane and met up with my parents in Cairns as we were on separate flights. It's just as well, we were all getting pretty annoyed with each other this morning. As usual, I was running late and was packing and desperately making lists to email to my office to tell them what needs to be done while I'm away, then I remembered I hadn't told some clients I'd be gone for a bit, so I had to email them at like 6am to let them know I'd be away. They must think I'm insane. I mean, I am, but they don't need to know that! ;-) So, get this: Lori packs all her stuff in about a half hour this morning and my parents packed all their stuff about 2 days ago. So we get to Cairns and guess what? All Lori's stuff is fine and even though my parents packed their suitcase 2 days ago, they took the wrong suitcase to the airport - hahahahahaha! Okay, so it's not really funny, but it is. It just goes to show that procrastination works sometimes! I felt bad for them though because they didn't have as many clothes as they'd intended and they both were missing bathing suits - but we went out shopping and we got bathing suits for the whole fam - really cute ones, really cheap - so hey, there you go.  The funniest Shea moment of the day: We're in our hotel (which is amazing, by the way, I'll talk about that later) and my dad goes, "Ooops!" And we're like, "What?" And he says, "Um, ooops, I just took a picture."  I ask him what the heck he took a picture of and he says, "I just took a picture of the inside of my pants pocket." Hahahahaha. He has one of those disposable cameras and he had wound up the thing so it was ready to go and accidentally touched the button, thus taking a picture of the inside of his pants. Hahahha.   So what do both the pic of the pants pocket and whole accidentally taking the wrong suitcase thing mean? Well, they mean that I am actually related to these people after all. I mean, I was laughing at them, but in a sympathetic way, as I could see myself doing the same thing.  We're a cursed family, but not in a bad way. Only in the way of unfortunate but funny things. ;-)  We're going to Kuranda tomorrow - Butterfly Sanctuary, here I come (again!) I'm going home to the Mothership! :-)