Rainforests, Spiders, Leeches, Mosquitos, Great Barrier Reef, Snorkelling, Oh My My   Things have been awfully exciting here in Cairns. On Monday we went on a Daintree Rainforest/Cape Tribulation tour and I thought my parents would never speak to me agian. Our tour started with a cruise down the Daintree river (nope, we didn't see any crocs - it was too warm) and my parents were still speaking to me then. It was more when we entered the Rainforest and our hilarious tourguide, Jay, started talking about the disease carrying mosquitos, the spiders, and the leeches, that really got my parents feeling happy. And it rained. That  is  why they call it a rainforest, after all! ;-) It was a bit too much nature for them, but they survived! They'll be talking about this one for years. My mother almost took out a very impressive and amazing spider web (home to a huge spider) and my mother had a leech on her shoe so we all heard about that. And then my dad fell down hard while he and I were walking back to camp (we were alone at this point.) We were walking along this slipperly area and I was ahead of him and all of a sudden I hear, "BOOM" - I was scared to turn around - I thought he might have fallen over the ledge! Thank god, no, he was still on the path, but he was flat out, literally. He landed on his hip and elbow, which was bleeding a bit, but we had water, a towel, and I had some band-aids, so we cleaned him up a bit. :-) He thinks he's going to have a scar, but I think in a week you won't see a thing.  We hiked through the rainforest for about an hour and then just when we thought we'd pass out from the heat, we arrived at a beautiful waterfall and went swimming. It was aweseome.   Our tour guide was so freaking funny though - and very informative. After our great lunch, we headed back to our "Black Beast" army vehicle and couldn't get out of the rainforest as it was too muddy. People got out and helped find rocks and things to provide traction and about 40 minutes later, we were fine.   The German guy was riding shotgun up with our guide for a while but asked me to sit up front with Jay for a while. So I did and I stayed there the rest of the trip - it was fun being up front. You could see a hell of a lot more and I felt like I was royalty or something. Our guide, Jay, was a big talker, and as ex-co-workers have said, I can talk underwater, so we just chatted non-stop for the rest of the trip home. Apparently though, Jay sat on the intercom thingy at one point so the whole bus could hear our conversation. Ooops! How embarassing!  Dammit, I'm just getting into this blog, but I have to go now - will write more later about this trip and the one we took to the Great Barrier Reef yesterday - it was very very cool.....okay, I'm outtie! ;-)