Greetings from an Old Spinster  This past weekend my parents were asking about my former roommates from Boston University. I've been in touch with Rachel and Gaelle, but I hadn't heard from Emily in about 2 years or so, so I said I wasn't sure what was going on in her life. Well, don't you know it, I get an e-mail from Emily today. How funny! She rang my mum in Springfield to get my e-mail addy. Anyhoo, the big news is that Emily is engaged! And to the boyfriend she had while at BU. So it's official. I am an old spinster. Rachel married Anthony two years ago (happy anniversary, guys!) and Gaelle married Alfredo at the end of last year in a civil service but they're having their wedding in France this July. I'm supposed to be a flower girl. ;-) Yes, the world's oldest flower girl! And now Em's engaged to Todd.  It is a bit odd looking like I'm 14 and actually being a 25 year-old spinster! ;-) And I can't forget my Sydney pals - the superb  urlLink Shay  and Sal are getting hitched. Everyone's doing it! Everyone's turning into a grown-up! Well, everyone except me - I'm still a baby! ;-)   Music Envy  I don't have penis envy. I have music envy. My friend Skot has 64 gigs of music on his computer. *Sob* SO jealous! Skot was kind enough to invite me over to his pad last night so I could drool over his music collection. And drool I did. Lots of great stuff, including the envy-worthy Mr. Bungle, solo Patton, Fantomas etc. stuff! So much music! I don't know how he ever manages to leave the house. I mean, really!   R.I.P., Mr. Rogers  Awwww,  urlLink Mr. Rogers  died. :(  Okay, so I may have thought the sweater and shoes things were a bit odd, but I did enjoy Mister Rogers Neighbourhood when I was a kid. I liked his simply way of explaining important 'life lessons' to children. I like adults who realise that kids aren't dumb and don't try to talk down to them. And I dug the make-believe world. Of course, I never thought I'd one day grow up to have a female boss who was the spitting image of the hideous Lady Elaine Fairchild puppet, but life is crazy and unpredictable like that! ;-) "Oh, would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be, my neighbour?"  Farewell, Mr. Rogers - hope you have fun in that great big sandbox on the sky ;-)