Whatever Happened To Foreplay on the Dance Floor?   (I spent the evening on a lovely Sydney Harbour Cruise with Jorge, his friends/workmates, and 500 Macquarie Uni  foreign exchange students, most of whom were far too attractive to be real...)  Okay, I'll admit it, I want to be romanced, dammit! I'm not talking about flowers and chocolates, though those are nice, but just a little teensy-weensy bit of effort - that's all I'm asking for. When I dance, I go off in my own little world and pay virtually no attention to the drunken vulture-men who will inevitably end up circling me because a) they think I'm 14 , b) they have never seen anyone that white in Australia, or c) they're just freaks. Anyhoo, the point is, it takes a lot to get my attention, because when I do float back into reality and realise that drunk and drooling dudes are watching me dance, I avert my gaze to the floor and look anywhere but at people - no eye contact whatsoever.   So, what would be nice? Oh, I don't know, ANYthing but what actually happens. How about a non-creepy smile? Or pulling a funny dance move that will make me laugh? Or simply sticking out your hand and saying, "Hi I'm _____" (insert name here)? Or ANYthing but just ambushing me, grabbing me and starting to dance 'with' me, without any consideration of whether or not I'd like to dance with you. Come  on , dammit, gimme SOMEthing! Isn't it easier to ask a girl her name rather than to just start humping her crotch or behind? I mean, really! This one guy tonight just wouldn't give up. I spotted him and knew he was trouble, so I danced my way across to the other side of the dancefloor, but he followed. Persistent fella! Anyway, after he ambushed/attacked me in a horrible dance move, I pushed him back and made him 'introduce' himself to me with a handshake/name exchange etc, which he seemed to think was a waste of time and just start grabbing me to dance with him and he was a fantastically shitty dancer so I was like, "Sorry, this just isn't working, I'm going to go back to dancing alone."  And to woo me over, he picked me up and owalked to a chair and plopped me down in his lap, where I stayed for all of half a second before jumping up and heading back to the dancefloor where I ended up chatting with his much nicer, much saner, and very apologetic friend.   I feel bad for guys, I really do. I know it sucks feeling like you have to make all the moves. That bites, I know. But, GET SOME NEW MOVES! Smile! (Don't grab!) Flirt! (Don't grab!) Be funny! (Don't grab!) Copy the girl's dance moves - if she has a sense of humour she'll find it amusing! (Don't grab!) Introduce yourself! (And don't grab!)   Anyway, it was a fun evening, met some cool people, had some good conversations, though I felt bad cause I only saw Jorge for like 10 minutes the whole night - ooops!  Okay, must go to bed now - was out at Keren and Noa's last night until nearly 2am - they made a very nice dinner and we had hilarious chats, as I expected. I love homemade dinners, especially ones that I didn't have to make! Woo-hoo!