Happy Belated St. Pats, "Let's Get Physical," Opera House Graffiti   Happy Belated St. Pats to my friends and fam, particularly back in the States. I had a completely sober St. Pats, nothing stronger than water. Went to go see a preview of  Punch-Drunk Love  with Jorge, Glenn, Keren, and Noa. It was the oddest movie I've seen in ages. It is definitely different to your typical Adam Sandler movie, but somehow he still seems to play a similar character ;-)   "Let's Get Physical, Physical...I wanna get PHYSICAL..."  It's not so much that I just  want  to get physical, it's more like I want to because I know I have to. Okay, I realise what I'm about to type is going to cause many rolled eyes and flippings of the birds, and "shut the hell-ups!" from my friends, but I promise I'm only going to say it once: Skinny people can still have flab. That's all I'm saying. I'm thin, but I can still jiggle! Woo-hoo! Yes, I know I am super super lucky to be one of those annoying people who can eat anything and not worry about it. I suck, I know. However, while I'm not concerned about my weight, I am concerned that I have pretty much NO tone to speak of. Am I surprised, though? Of course not. Do I DO anything that would enable me to acquire tone or become toned? Nup. I'm am one of the laziest people I know - and that's saying a lot! I sit on my ass in front of the computer all day at work, which is really not conducive to toning. I don't go to the gym (giggle) I don't work out, I don't jog, I don't run, nothing. I don't go out dancing regularly enough for it to do much long-term good and though I do walk to and from work every day, it's not like it's exactly taxing. Anyway, I'm happy with how my body looks, flab/jiggle included, but I am not happy with how my body  feels . I have no energy, and I'm tired all the time. Part of that is due to the fact I don't sleep well at night and my diet isn't the healthiest it could be, but also I know I'm just not getting enough exercise. I want my energy back! Exercising regularly should also help me sleep better. And if I get toned, I won't get sore muscles (or not as sore muscles) when I do get the crazy idea to do some kind of  actually taxing physical activity. Use it or lose it! I can't be lazy 355 days out of the year and then decide to climb some 'mountain' and think my body is going to be happy with that. Silly butterfly!  So I got an exercise urge this weekend and let me tell you, that's really rare, so any hint of the exercise bug is something to act upon immediately before it flies away forever. So I went out and bought an exercise mat, some small hand weights, and some intro pilates stuff. I'm still in desperate need of a proper pilates DVD. They have everything on VHS, but haven't found what I want on DVD yet. If anyone has any recommendations,  urlLink let me know . I love my mat and I love the little hand weights. I keep laughing during the intro pilate exercises though. I always laugh for the first half hour during anything I'm doing that requires me to relax. So during the first half hour of my meditation classes - I laughed and laughed. And let's not forget the Tai Chi classes - it was a quiet shaking chuckle at the beginning of every one...yes, I know I'm weird. :D    urlLink Opera House Graffiti   So, the war is coming soon...grrrrr X 1000000. Got this really good forward today at work. It was just an image of Dubya and Saddam with boxing gloves and the tag line was something like, "War is fun when you know you're not going to die." I thought that was really smart and true - it is a bit weird to think the two people heading the 'opposing teams' of this thing will be sending thousands of people out to fight on their behalf, killing who knows how many innocent people in the process, but their own lives will probably never be in any danger. Anyway, two dudes painted   urlLink "NO WAR"  in huge red letters on the Opera House this morning just before 9am. I'm actually quite impressed that they managed to pull this off. It's a huge embarassment as supposedly security on the Opera House and Harbour Bridge has been really tightened since November, yet these guys managed to finish off these words in huge letters before getting caught/stopped. That's pretty amazing. I'm not for scribbling all over public property of any kind, nevermind the Opera House, but I can really understand their frustration/desperation. I'm sure lots of people would have liked to do what they did. I feel bad for the poor bastards who have to restore the Opera House back to its usual self.