Chattin' with the Oldies   My father must be taking guilt-trip lessons from my Mum's mum, my little Babci, the grandma I take after physically. I love my Babci to bits, but boy is she fantastic at the guilt-trips. Well my Dad was doing a fantastic job tonight! My favourites:  1. Upon answering the phone, my dad says, "Hello? Who's this? I'm sorry, who are you? Oh it's  you , you  are  alive." 2. My dad tells me it's been 6 weeks since he's heard from me (phone-wise)....the guilt-trip implied: "I'm a terrible daughter." ;-) 3. My dad tells me he's called and left SO MANY messages on my phone and I  never  call them back. 4. "You haven't blogged in forever." (A knife through the heart!) 5. "You never sent us the photos of your lampshades like you promised."  LAMPSHADES!!!!! For pete's sake!   You get the point ;-) My mom just laughed and laughed. Thank goodness I didn't start that blog for my dad like I was going to in Cairns. Basically it would be nothing but, "Day 57...and Lori still hasn't called." :-)  Happy Belated birthday to super  urlLink Shay  and the lovely Rachel (Go, Schmoops!) I went to Shay's great b-day party on Saturday night - he had a very cool mathematical theme going since it was his cubed (3x3x3) 27th birthday - I of course went as the very predictable Butterfly Effect. I mean, could I have really gone as something else - it wasn't just a fitting concept, but it's also the title of my upcoming novel, so why fight it? ;-) (Yes, I am serious about the n word - novel.)  Had a yummy dinner in Newtown last night with Glenn, Kuan, and Jorge - pizza with mozzerella, eggplant, red capsicum, olives, and tzataki (sp?) sauce. YUM.  Jorge of course ended the evening as he always does,  announcing that I am going to grow up to be a spinster. :p  I finally went to this great African restaurant on King St. last week with Rammstein. I've been eyeing it for three years and thanks to Rammstein, I finally got my butt in there! The food was really tasty - lots of great flavours/spices - I highly recommend! We attempted to go see  Bowling for Columbine  (yes, my 2nd time) but it had stopped playing @ the Dendy that day - doh! So we saw  The City of God  instead - I really enjoyed it - it was beautifully shot - gorgeous despite of all its ugliness.   I dropped in to visit the Subway Man tonight...more about that tomorrow though, I hope :D