Happy Mum's Day, Mum!   Happy Mother's day to my Mum! And to her Mum, my grandmum aka Babci. And to Auntie Kate, Auntie Jo, and Auntie Nancy. Congrats on bringing all of us kiddies into this world and not killing us for being too exasperating over the years. ;-)  The Butterfly Backpackers aka Chez Shea just said farewell to its lastest guest, Heather, who left today to move to Melbourne. I told her she better find some place nice to live, because I want some place nice to stay when I come to visit. ;-)  I missed seeing Davros in Sydney for the billionth time, so once again I realise I've only ever hung out with him in Melbourne and Tasmania and never in Sydney. Weird.  On Friday night, had dinner with Heather and the boys @ Spanish Tapas and I went to see  X-Men 2  for the second time - their first time. Yes, I am obsessed. Yes, I love Hugh. And yes I did tear up at the end even though I obviously knew what was going to happen!  Yesterday we went to the Glebe Markets, as did apparently most of the city - it was jam-packed, likely due to the amazingly warm weather. We were freezing in the shade, burning in the sun. It was great.  I bought 5 used books for less than the price of 1 new hardcover. Yay! I have new books to read! I needed some new stuff to carry me over until the new Harry Potter arrives ;-) After the markets we went to Otto's and I had a yummy baked haloumi sandwich with mushrooms, tomatoes, lettuce and mayo - mmmmmmmm. I'm right into haloumi at the moment....love that stuff.  Last night I went to see Jimeoin @ the Enmore and my god, I have never seen so many couples in one place before! I didn't realise that Jimeoin had such a 'couplish' audience. Maybe it's because he doesn't offend or make fun of one sex more than the other? No idea - anyhoo, it was a great show and my cheeks actually hurt from smiling/laughing so much. Unfortunately I cannot tell my favourite joke here, as well, it's a little too blue for mother's day... ;-)  Today was a lazy day, I just read my new books and did some writing, and I did squeeze in a massage....I'm hooked. And they know what I want as soon as I walk by - "Neck, shoulders, back?" Yup! Hell yeah! I really needed it - my neck still isn't quite the same since I hurt it and ended up wearing that stupid neck brace. And my back is full of knots from sleeping funny, so it was well worth the embarassment of having a 'public massage' in order to work out some of those knots...  Okay, gotta go call me mum!