Sun? Huh?   Wow. We saw the sun today. It was amazing. It was weird. It was like seeing an old friend and not being able to remember when exactly you last saw them. I believe it's been raining nearly non-stop for over a week in Sydney, but can't really remember when it started. But apparently it has stopped! Yay!  Had brunch with Craiggles in Newtown today and had yummy poached eggs on toast, the best hashbrowns I've ever had in Australia, mushrooms, tomatoes, and baked beans, mmmmmm! It was great to catch up and get the update on Craig's latest and greatest artists, the lovely  urlLink Sarah Blasko  and  urlLink Holly Throsby . Then at Craig's place, we watched Sarah's cool red video and saw funny Frenzal Rhomb and Neil Hamburger clips and I finally saw Adrian dressed as Ronald McDonald at the Big Day Out this year, before Frenzal went on, getting a TV smashed over his head. (Yes, this was set-up.) I was disappointed that I missed this in person as I was waiting outside the BDO to give tix away, but hey, I saw it up close and personal on this hilarious DVD.   Yesterday I went to Kuan's house for his housewarming in Paddington and it was so good to see everyone and catch up on heaps of gossip. Now Kuan is living with the hilariously wonderful Haylin and the charming Justin. It's such a beautiful place and everyone was so nice. And Ray gives a big shout-out to Miss Kristen! :-D  After that, we headed to Fox Studios in an attempt to see  urlLink Mr. Chad  DJ, but alas, we got there just as The Chad was packing up his gear. :( :( Unfortunately he set was cut 2 hours short due to the soccer, so we missed the music, but at least we got to chat to Chad and Claudine and Amanda and Fidelma for a little bit. Then, of course, it was off to Coogee Beach for some yummy pizza with C + C around 2am. We munched away on pizza while admiring the beach hoodlums (mostly drunk british backpackers who thought it would be a good idea to strip down to their skivvies and take a dip into the rather violent and huge waves - doh!) I have never seen that tide in so far or the waves that big - bizarre! There was a big (not quite full) moon overhead, so that probably explains the waves and the loonies ;-) You just gotta love the dodgy Coogee Beach Hotel Clientele!  Friday night we went to see  Whale Rider  - oh my lord - if you haven't seen this movie yet, please do. Absolutely wonderful, amazing, sad, inspirational, and heart-breaking. Did I mention you should bring a box of tissues? I was bawling...I mean, I do cry at comedies, so I wasn't that surprised, but boy was I feeling dehydrated after it was over! ;-)  And now I'm trying to finish my journo class assignment as it is due on Tuesday....better get back to it!  So looking forward to more sun all this week! :-D