The Things I Do For Work...    urlLink    Yeah, so this photo is about 2 months old now, but it still cracks me up and I never talked about it here, so you're all gonna pay now! I mentioned in a May blog that I needed to learn to lie faster when getting asked by a boss what I'm doing on a Sunday....and this photo is a warning of what can happen when you can't think of a fib quickly enough...I ended up taking photos at this Rabbitohs game (that's Rugby League for all you yankees scratching your heads back home) .  I was supposed to get at least 9 photos that would be good enough for print in an ad in a magazine. If it was just stuff for the web, I wouldn't have been worried - hell, thanks to PaintShopPro and PhotoShop, I can look like I take much better photos than I actually do (for the web) - but when it comes to print quality, yikes...anyway, it was a long day of me begging people to let me take their photos AND getting them to sign release forms saying it was okay to use their photos online and in a print magazine while not disturbing them during the actual game. Bless those kind souls who took pity on me.  You can check out the  urlLink Rabbitoh Fan gallery , if you've got some time on your hands.  Special thanks to the older man with the Bunny and the brave man who kissed a stranger's  Bunny, just to impress me. You rock! Oh and if you're wondering why there's one pic in the gallery that looks odd, it's because I had to Photoshop a cup of beer out of the photo for the website and I did a really dodgy job.  ;-)  And yes, this photo is more proof that I look dumb in all hats - this Bunny Beanie probably would have been cute on any other person, but I just can't  not  look silly in hats. (Except maybe cowboy-type/Akubra hats...don't ask me why, maybe it's because my hair is more 'mane' than hair, but for some reason I think I can pull them off...of course this may just be my own opinion ;-)   urlLink  Uni Games     Oooh, I'm only about 2 weeks behind on this - wow! Yeah, so these were  urlLink 2 crazy days up in Coffs Harbour . I was so tired and sore from lugging around 2 digital cameras, 1 digital video camera, my laptop, cables, cords, batteries, notebooks, release forms, luggage etc. etc. It was fun, but exhausting.  I'm very impressed by how organised it all was though - I only wish I could had more time to check out Coffs. It seemed very pretty, but I didn't see much of it as I was just running from event to event.  There were lots of funny and friendly student athletes up there and I got some good quotes.  You should have a look at the  urlLink 70s Night Gallery  for a good laugh - there are some great get-ups in there. The funny thing was, I just wanted to take photos of the people there, but everyone kept wanting me to get in the photo too and I kept politely declining (or trying to) but some people just insisted...    So, what have I been up to lately? Same ol' stuff...keeping up with the ol' writing - working on a few articles, some short stories, and my novel which is nowhere closer to completion since I last mentioned it.  But I'm enjoying the actual process of writing, so that's what counts...at least I have to keep telling myself that as my progress is verrrrrrry slow. ;-)   Belated B-Days   Happy Belated Birthday to Ruth, whom I celebrated with on Wednesday @ the Four In Hand, and Happy Belated Birthday to  urlLink Bart , whom I celebrated with on Saturday @ the Townie.  To think, I've been going to the Town Hall Hotel in Newtown for nearly 4 years, and Sat. night was my first time sitting downstairs. I kept gaping, going, "Huh? They have a DJ? What? There's a dancefloor?"  And my god, I've never seen so many freaky-ass hair-dos all in one place.  Very exciting! ;-)   Indian Fetish   I just realised that the owners of my favourite new Indian restaurant ( The Clove, on Crown St - near corner of Oxford St  - in Paddington) must think I'm the biggest hussy because I keep going in there with a new guy...so far I've been with Jorge a few times, and recently I went with Rammstein and then with Gavin.  But I'm only a hussy for their yummy butter chicken, I swear....damn, I can almost taste it now....I'm hungry!  :-(  I do have more Lori Stories to tell, but I'm tired and ready for bed (okay, this is a big fat lie, I'm going to watch a bit of  Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets  and then I'm going to bed).  Nighty night!  p.s. Kristen, you really do have to write that book!  I can Photoshop incriminating photos of you, J-Lo, and Ben  Affleck, and I will personally fly all the way to Ohio to  smack you if I ever hear you say again that your butt is bigger than J-Lo's! ;-) Cluck! Cluck!