Frickin' Groundhog Day  It's not just a movie, it's kinda my life this week. Guess who are outside my window AGAIN? It's the frickin' manhole-men. They're scraping and lifting crap and making lot of noise. I can see ass-cracks from the window. Not a pretty sight.  I got home from work around 10.15pm (yes, another Groundhog Day event) and there they were. I kept hoping as I rounded Broadway that they would not be here. What are they DOing? I'm going to try to sleep with headphones tonight as the bastards woke me up at 2am and 4am.    Relative Re-cap  Today I got two interesting emails. One was from a Rahilly woman that I don't think I'm related to, but the other one was from the woman I was trying to find, the mother/grandmother of the guys I spoke to/got voicemail from. The first woman says she would like to tell me about her Rahilly family and I'd be happy to share the little info I know of the other Rahilly families that lived in Ireland in the same area my Rahilly relatives are from - maybe I could help her out a bit. And as for the woman I was looking for, she sounds so nice! She said I was welcome to ask her anything I like and that if I'm ever in Queensland, I should come over and meet the extended fam! How nice is that? Gotta love the Aussie hospitality. She is fairly confident that her husband was indeed my great grandmother's nephew.  Very cool.    5 Minutes Late  So I am always running 5 minutes late. This is what I do. :) Tonight my plan was to leave work around 6.10 and go to Bondi Junction to pick up my plane tix and then go back to work to work. Well, all the ticket machines that accepted bills were out of order, so with the waiting in line and the slow train I was on, I didn't get to the travel agent until about 5 minutes after they'd closed. Doh! Oh well, will have to go on Saturday in between my other errands/appointments.  Saturday should be interesting - I have to finish my homework for my Sunday writing class too - so much for doing it early - Procrastination Queen I Am! :-)