Contact!  So I heard back from one of the people I sent a letter to on the weekend, and yes, it is a long-lost Australian relative - yay! Around 9pm tonight I was at work and I received a phone call that I almost didn't answer as I didn't recognise the number. Luckily I answered - it was the grandson of this one relative I was looking for, so I was on the right track! We only spoke for a couple minutes since I was at work and he was ringing my mobile (which is expensive) so he said he'd have his dad get back to me as he would be totally into the whole family tree thing.  So I'm very pleased and look forward to hearing from them and perhaps others, soon.    Me so tired  I got home from work tonight just before 11pm - sooooooo tired. I kept hoping the rain would stop so I could walk home umbrella-less, but that just didn't happen. Anyway, I did get a lot of work done, so I'm very glad about that.  We are going to be crazy busy for the next several weeks and I have a lot to cram in my remaining two weeks at work (before going to visit the fam in the U.S.) - so many projects happening, one in particular being the lovely site for  urlLink FBi Radio , on air from the 29th of August - woo-hoo!    Cranky Pants  I just hope I get more sleep than I did last night. I don't know who the hell they were or what the hell they were doing, but there were lots of men making lots of noise outside my building last night, just below my window. And they were making all this noise from 10pm until about 5am! GRRRR! They kept making all these scraping/hammering sounds and they were going down the manhole, doing lord knows what.  I could even hear what was being said on their walkie talkies!  Very important stuff like "Steve, do you need any coffee? Over!" and "Steve, what do you see down there?" and "Steve, white with 2 sugars? Over!"  "Copy that."   I just wanted to sleep, dammit. I kept thinking of  Ghost Busters II  and I was hoping they would get slimed ;-)  They're equipment is back again tonight (nooooooo!) but there's no sign of the boys yet, so maybe it's too wet for them to come out and play tonight. (Fingers crossed!)