San Francisco Treat   Well, here I am in San Francisco, typing this from Javier's adorable iBook in his fantastic apartment with one amazing view. If I didn't love him so much, I'd have to be jealous ;-)  I am zonked. Pulled an all-nighter last night - didn't go to bed at all, and we left a little after 4am to get to the airport in time for my 6am flight.  (I hope my parents aren't cursing me right now - thanks for the lift guys!)   Okay, WHAT is going on with my ass? My ass was killing me even during the 2 hour flight to Chicago! What the hell??? And my ass was dying on the flight from Chicago to San Fran. It hurt like this on the flight over from Syd too but I don't remember it being this bad before. On the way over here, I did not get my aisle seat, but honestly, I didn't even try as I heard the flight agent telling everyone that the flight was packed and I remembered my travel agent mentioning I got the LAST seat on the flight. However, I HAVE to fight for an emergency exit or an aisle seat this time. I have to at least try! As long as I can walk around every hour or so, my ass can make it.  The guy sitting next to me today probably wanted to kill me - I kept fidgeting because I could not find a comfortable position where my ass didn't feel like it was being squeezed to death. I wonder if I have a pinched nerve or something. But it only hurts on the plane! Not when I'm sitting elsewhere. Weird.   Okay, one more thing: airport security. Right, so I understand that I have to take out my laptop every time I go through security at an airport. I understand I have to take off my boots every time too. And my jacket/sweatshirt. It's a bit of a hassle, but hey, if it's going to help avoid people bringing crazy stuff on a plane that could hurt others, fine.  However, I think airports need to just hire some smarter people.  I know there are some very intelligent and competent airport workers out there - but none of them seem to want to talk to me.  I only get the weird ones. As I was getting ready to get in line to go through security/x-rays, I already had my laptop out. The odd woman at the beginning of the line asked to see my boarding pass and passport. She saw the Hartford to Chicago pass and when she saw Chicago to San Fran, a sort of odd shiver went through her.  She looked at me and said in a monotone voice: "You know, Rice-A-Roni is the San Francisco Treat."  I nodded and said, "Errr, yeah...that's what I hear." Then she proceeded to sing the "Rice-A-Roni...the San Francisco Treat" song - in her tone deaf/monotone voice.  I don't think there's ever an appropriate time to torture people with this, but I'm pretty sure that 5.30am is definitely NOT the time to do this. Then she starts telling me that she only buys the flavoured kinds of Rice-A-Roni and starts going on about how the un-flavoured kinds suck and that she'd have to put other spices in it or pour ketchup all over it etc. You could tell that this was something that really bothered her.  Of course, people behind me are getting pissed off because they want to go through security, but this woman starts telling me her favourite kind of flavours of Rice-A-Roni.  I could tell from the get-go that this girl was a bit on the 'the lights are on, but nobody's home' side.  Lord help us - this is part of our 'line of airport defense?'  Unless someone tries to smuggle something illegal in a Rice-A-Roni box, I don't think this woman would notice ;-)