Who Wants to Carry Me To Work Tomorrow?   Wow. Tonight was my last pilates class and the teacher kicked our collective asses...and triceps, and thighs, and hips, and stomach, and you name it. I thanked her for the great class and that I would probably be cursing her tomorrow, but that it's been a very good course.  My whole body feels like a rubber band that's been stretched too much. I was 'feeling the burn' for most of the hour and a half...we had more repititions and harder moves than ever and I didn't think I was going to be able to finish them all, but I refused to give up - yay!  I just hope I can move in time for belly dancing on Thursday. :-)  Nah, seriously, I really hope I can keep up the pilates at home - it's been so good for me.   My last belly dancing class is this week, but I've decided to start going to my teacher's Tuesday class starting next week - even though I'm still pretty terrible, I dig the fact that my teacher is 'the very best.' She's the current national bellydancing champ of Australia! So even if I'm not particulalry good, my teacher is amazing. Watching her dance is inspirational.  The class is a lot of fun and very challenging, so I want to keep it up. And it's nice to know I'm still not afraid to make a fool of myself in public. :-) And now I can now do the baby beginnings of a baby belly roll. I am so excited. Of course you practically need a magnifying glass to see the baby belly roll, but it's there, dammit! ;-)   Sweet Dreams?  Even though 'Sweet Dreams' is my karaoke standard, it certainly isn't what I've been having lately. I've been having more and more nightmares, pretty much every night, many involving some strange man/men chasing me and trying to hurt/kill me and I wake up freaked out and out of breath, hard pounding, etc. I've woken up at *exactly* 4am the last two nights in a row. It's freaking annoying!   You know, I watch the end of 'Bend It Like Beckham' every night just before bed, specifically to try to get my mind focused on the hot Irish coach Joe - in hopes of having a sexy dream starring him - but do I have that? NOPE! It's so not fair!  :-(   If anyone has any suggestions for good bedtime rest and relaxation, please  urlLink let me know .