The Tampon Tale   I meant to blog about this a while ago, but what else is new? ;-)  So, Jorge's parents came to visit him not too long ago and Jorge's mum wanted to know if she could bring me anything. Because I'm a dork, I forgot to say, HERSHEY'S CHOCOLATE!!! Instead, I said, "Tampons!"   Jorge was like, "You want my mother to bring you tampons?" And I said, "Yup!"  So he told me to email him the details. Good lord, and what details they were. Basically, though I have happily adjusted to Australia, a country that has plenty of brands to choose from (as opposed to America, which has 1,232,499 brands of everything to choose from), the one thing that I have to import from America is tampons. I like me some plastic applicators. I do feel bad that I'm destroying the environment, but I do feel that I can be a much pleasant person to the world if I have my plastic applicators. (Note: the tampons here either have NO applicators or cardboard only. Australian women therefore impress me. They're tough!)  Anyhoo, I was hoping for a mixed pack of tampons from the U.S. A pack contains 32 tampons. But Jorge's mother, the brave women she is, she decided to bring me 4 box packs. So that's 128 tampons. So of course, because she is carrying 128 tampons, Jorge's mum gets stopped at L.A. to have her bag searched. Apparently the airport worker searching her bag was a friendly southern black woman. She chit-chatted with Jorge's mum about Australia and how she was only going for 11 days. And then she checked her bag and when she saw all the tampons was like, "Sweet Jesus!" How many tampons do you think you're going to need in 11 days!????"  And Jorge's mum was like, "All of them!"  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! So this woman must think Jorge's mother's got some weird medical condition or something.  Needless to say, I thanked his mother many times for enduring the embarrassment at the airport on my behalf.   So, I ofcourse think this is hilarious, but when I told a friend of mine about it she was like, "Do you know what I think the funniest bit is? That you asked your FRIEND'S MOTHER to bring you tampons!"  I was like, "What?!!! It's a sister-hood thing! Why get embarrassed about tampons? It's not like I asked Jorge's DAD to get me some!"  Besides, I feel that Jorge's mum and I have come full circle. The first time we ever met was at our graduation at Boston Uni and the poor dear started her period and asked me for some tampons. This was the day we met. And did this seem weird? Not at all. I'm telling you, it's a bonding thing amongst women. We all understand.  Okay, that's all for now.  Queer Eye  is starting soon and nothing gets in the way of me and the Fab Five! :-)