Living Dangerously   Usually I have a great memory for books, authors, CDs, bands....but not today. Even though I spent a half hour laughing my ass off at the bookstore while reading some new book about all sorts of unassuming dangers in life, I can't quite remember the name. Ooops. Anyway, the book highlighted everything from books to TVs to bras, being left-handed, sunscreen, holy water, tables, going on vacation, going to the beauty salon etc being dangerous - telling about injuries and deaths occurring from each "hazard." Basically everything is potentially dangerous and we might as well never leave the house again....oh wait, but THAT's dangerous too! ;-) It was all very tongue-in-cheek - I will have to go back and find out the name. My favourite "danger" though is: Baby Faced Men! DUM DUM DUM! *playing  Jaws  soundtrack*    When I saw the chapter on Baby Faced Men I was like, "uh-oh! But I LOVE baby faced men!" Anyway, according to the book, men who are baby faced or have slightly feminine features (take, Jude Law, for instance) may have an increased tendency to prove themselves as not being so angelic, wholesome, or tame as maybe people like to assume they are. The book says that they may involve themselves in all sorts of unsavory activities and behaviours to show that they can be bad boys, too.   Bummer.  So does that mean that boys that look like bad boys feel compelled to act like good boys? ;-)  Anyway, I don't know what kind of stats we're talking about here, but it IS interesting to think about. It would be funny to go up to baby faced guys and be like, "So, are you a hoodlum, or what?" ;-)  Been doing a LOT of reading lately, as usual...just finished  The Art of Happiness  by Dr. Howard Cutler and the Dalai Lama and  Codes of Love  by Mark Bryan. They really go well with other books I've read recently, particularly  Resilience  by Anne Deveson,  They F*ck You Up  by Oliver James and  The House of Spirits  by Isabel Allende. Non-fiction and fiction all relating to how we've gotten to be who we are and taking responsibility for who we are and what we do now. Yeah, I know, I sound like an Oprah special waiting to happen, but hey. ;-)  Anyway, I don't think I can give up baby faced boys just yet, but I will promise to look out for any criminal or socio-pathic tendencies ;-)