Dancing queens  Big thanks to Jo and Steve for inviting us to their amazing apartment (wow is it classier than the 1-star motel! ;) I took Kristen and Ruth along and we had a great time. All of Steve and Jo's friends are so nice and very friendly and cool. We ate, we danced, we drank, we ate, we danced, and we drank some more. They had a mexican xmas thing going, so tacos, salsa, guacamole, plus some kangaroo and sausages etc. Funny dance music too. Jo is quite the dancer, I had no idea. She and I realised that we should have started going clubbing together ages ago. Some people told me I should have been a dancer and asked if I ever took dance classes. I have taken that one modern dance class and my dance teacher said I had perfect foot arches and had a long neck/body etc, but alas, I am a klutz. I'm sorry, but once you pop out your knee cap twice for no good reason either time, you just have to realise the klutz factor is going to catch up with you at some point. So, my "professional dancing" days will only be at various clubs/parties around Sydney  for now ;)   Anyway, we had a ton of fun, some great conversations etc. We also played truth or dare jenga. Once I answered my first green piece so ever truthfully, everyone wanted me to keep getting green pieces. Sorry, I cannot repeat my answers in this family forum :) As for the dare portion, I told a silly joke, did my best Austin Powers impression and rubbed noses with someone. Quite the rebel, I am!  We took some cute pictures at the party, including those of Kristen and I in our matching Santa hats, so I'll probably post those tomorrow. Tonight was an excellent distraction from a stressful week. So glad I went - just what the doctor ordered! And for the record, Kristen and I kept our hats on for just about the entire party. I had to keep mine on so as avoid the "bangs plastered to my forehead" syndrome.   It's after 3am here now, so by the time I get up tomorrow it'll probably be time to head down to The Basement for Nick Hanlon and the Goddesses. I've got two complimentary passes, so I'll likely write a review. They were excellent last time, so looking forward to it.  Sweet dreams!  p.s. I was wowed by my "lucky" sense of direction. Where Jo and Steve live - well, it's an area that's brand new. It doesn't exist on any map. Can't find their street on any map. No cab drivers have ever heard of it. But I wrote down some directions from Jo and would you believe we found it in two minutes? No dramas. No weirdness. Easy as pie. Amazing :)