urlLink   We had a super day at Manly Beach today. Perfect weather, beautiful ocean. Only bummer was that we couldn't go into the water due to the massive amounts of bluebottle jellyfish. We still just had an amazing time laying in the sand. I even dozed off, which never happens (because I'm afraid to wake up as a lobster), but today I snoozed. Don't worry, I snoozed with my SPF100 sunblock on, so I was fine. My hair seems slightly slightly lighter, but it might be a psychosomatic thing as I'm hoping the sun will lighten my hair, as usual.     I don't think Australia is ready for my albino white body, yet it's about to see more of it. A ground-breaking Lori event occurred today. I bought my first bikini ever. And my second one too. I've never had an actual bikini before and I'm still slightly apprehensive about it, but we'll see how it goes. One of them is bright turquoise with a little studded silver star on the left chest triangle and little silver studs all along the waistband of the bottom. The other one is yellow, turquoise, and magenta on white. The bottom is striped, the top has a star on the left triangle as well.  I can mix and match both bikinis. I tried my darndest to find a bathing suit with a butterfly, but no luck. I found one with a dragonfly, but not in my size/style. Poor Kristen waited patiently outside for me as I tried on about 8 different bikinis - she was a brave little soldier. And in true Gemini form, I couldn't decide between two of them, so I got both ;) I haven't bought a bathing suit in over 4 years, so I was overdue. Though how they can charge so much for such a tiny amount of material, I have no idea.    urlLink   Pics from Thursday, Saturday, and today still to be posted (no, no pics of me in my bikinis!)  Hey you family folks: I'll be ringing Babci's around 2pm, and the McGuires' around 4pm on Christmas Day, your time, which is the day after Christmas here. Now, let's not repeat earlier family phone calls, folks. I will speak to every family member in attendance, so no one has to take the phone and run into the bathroom and lock themselves in to ensure they get their Lori time (though I appreciated your admirable effort, Auntie Kate!)