Computers Are Evil   A brief update...  1) My computer has shat itself. 2) My computer has shat itself big time. 3) Have I mentioned that my computer is screwed? 4) Spending most of time uploading files online or saving onto a floppy. 5) Spending rest of time remembering files I should save before my computer dies. 6) Spending rest rest of time lamenting over software I will have no more. 7) Spending tonight searching for my Compaq warranty and praying that it is still in effect. 8) Vowing to print out copies or make copies of everything I do from here on in. (Yeah right, who does that!?) 9) Planning on being on phone to Compaq support until the wee hours tonight, hoping they don't tell me that yes, I will indeed be losing everything on my computer! Woo-hoo! 10) Realising having a computer is like having an apartment. You don't realise how much crap you accumulate over two years and how much you want to keep it all ;)  Okay, enough rambling about my stupid computer.  Last Thursday I saw Dan's band, Twelve 24 at their final gig ever, for a while at least and it was excellent! Thanks for the CD, Dan! I will blog about Australia Day and my writer's group thingy later.....much later.  I started my Chaos Theory, Complexity and Catastrophe class last night. It was very interesting, but I was sleepy before I got there, so milling over cosmology and algorithms wasn't quite what I needed. I have learned that there is a term for me in "Chaos Theory." I am an "attractor," meaning something that attracts chaos to it. If that ain't me in a nutshell, I don't know what is! Maybe I'll teach a course soon called Chaos and Freaks! Or the Fractals of Freaks! :)  Work is also crazy and busy, and probably a working model of organised Chaos. We miss you, Owen! :) I'm also taking a Self Defense Techniques course in March and a "How to Deal with Difficult People" course next month. That should come in handy all over the place.   Happy Birthday to Rob! I can't believe you're 18 now! God, I feel so old!!!  Alrighty, off home now to do more uploading/saving/praying :)