The Best Laid Plans, Good Musical Outings, & Dealing With Difficult People 101   Damn, and I was being so good about writing too! :(  Friday night was not all it was meant to be. We had to ditch our Mike Patton solo gig plan at kinda the last minute and  urlLink Fidelma  and I have decided that we're totally jinxed. Whenever we try to make plans, a phenomenal hail storm occurs.  No, really. I think Zeus is trying to keep us apart. I think we need to create some sort of secret signal so we never speak of our plans aloud. If we talk about it, it won't happen. So we need something like baseball signals, only ones that can be transmitted over e-mail/mobile. If anyone has any suggestions, let me know. Even the plans of dancing were not all they were meant to be. Big sorries to Jo, Dan, Jorge, and Kristen - you guys know why! (Actually, some dumbass Cole's worker knows why too, but he was clueless ;)  Anyhoo, Friday night ended with a big stomach ache and not much sleep, but Saturday proved to be much better.  I got a fair bit of writing done during the day and then I night I went to see the hilariously talented  urlLink Merri May Gill  @ Cafe 9. The food was excellent, as was the entertainment.  I believe Ms. Gill is coming back to Sydney, maybe round May, and I highly recommend. She combines comedy and bluesy/folky/rocky/country music and she has a super set of pipes. Perhaps I'll round up a posse next time...Anyway it was funny because I was just talking about  urlLink Yap  and Mel and who walks in Cafe 9 but Mel? Do-dee-doo-doo-DOOOO! Thankfully, I was only saying nice things ;)  After Merri May Gill, we went to go see Salmonella Dub @ DCM on Oxford Street. I'd never been there before and I'm dying to know if the dance floor always feels like it's going to cave in like that! ;) The joint was packed and sweaty and all that fun stuff, but Salmonella put on another fabulous show. Very mellow, very laid-back, very groove-quenching, very contagious. I've seen them before, and I look forward to seeing them again, though outside with a little more personal space would be nice :)  Huge thanks to C for a very fun evening! ;)  I got home around 2 a.m. than talked on the phone with Reese's Pieces until nearly 3 a.m. - after all, we had an entire 12 hours to catch up on! :)  Anyhoo, I went to be around 3.30 and when my lil alarm clock started screeching at me at 7 a.m. I was not a happy camper. I had my "How to Deal with Difficult People" course from 9am-5pm. It was very interesting and a good refresher course from my Cognitive Behavioural Therapy class from 2 years ago...now I have to see how much I've learned by interacting with all those punks in my life ;)  Gotta do some work, then I'm off to bed, I am so zonked!  p.s. Tomahawk rocked my world on Thursday...but I haven't the energy to discuss that now! Sweet dreams!