My computer is semi-dead. I have no idea, really. We'll see when I get home tonight.  Well. This has been quite the last few days. Lots of craziness. But right now I'm a bit disappointed because it looks like I'm going to have to end one of my longest friendships in Australia. I've tried to remain friends with this person, but frankly, I don't have the energy or the patience or the time to deal with their bullsh*t. I don't claim innocence here. I'm know I haven't handled things particularly well either, but at least I've made some effort. So yeah, I'm disappointed that it's come to this. And I'm sorry to say that age doesn't necessarily bring widsom or maturity. I'm the 'baby' in this friendship and yet I've managed to be the 'grown-up'  for the most part. In retrospect I should have handled things differently, but looking back I also realise that the ending would have been the same, no matter the path I chose to take. I've taken the scenic route when I should have taken the short-cut, but I've learned a lot along the ride. And I just wouldn't be me if I cut to the chase instead of letting the story drag out.   I've been thinking a lot lately about the type of person I am and the type of person I enjoy being. I take full responsibility for my actions and words when I am in any context, but more and more I notice how some people just really are more conducive to bringing out the best in you while others are more skilled in helping to bring out the worst in you. Like I said, my behaviour is still up to me, no matter who I am around, but I can't deny that I am a better me in the presence of certain people, while others, as much as I care about them, only seem to drag me down. The other night I met this person who had a real knack for getting me going in a good way. You know those nights when you're out at a party or gathering and you're just fully switched on? You're an intensive version of you - comfortable, laid-back, attentive, outspoken, you're just in your groove. Well it was a nice reminder that there are still people out there I can be like that with. With this above-mentioned friend, I've felt boring and stale and inhibited. Certainly not a version of me I want to be.  I've got Jeff Buckley's 'Last Goodbye' playing in my head right now....it's been nice knowing you, my friend, even when things weren't very nice....