Panic Room  &  The Fonz   I saw this movie the other day, on Tuesday, and boy can I relate on a totally unrelated level. I feel like I've become my own panic room lately. Okay the scoop this week is that the good ol' 'visa people' sent us a letter saying they're missing this and that. Mind you, they've had over a year to notify us of missing things, but they're like, "We need this and this and this and this and hurry up and get it in within 14 days or buh-bye."  Okay, so you can tell I'm paraphrasing, but still! It's just all rather nerve wracking and that's all I'm gonna say about it. Think good thoughts, people!   Panic Room  the movie definitely kept me on the edge of my seat. I recommend it to all those thriller lovers out there. I always try to put myself in the shoes of the main character - Jodie Foster's character definitely had a nice bit of MacGyver going on. Unfortunately I lack such technique in real life and hence, I would have died in the movie :)  Lots of stuff I've missed blogging about, the chances of me ever catching up are quite slim. Just wanted to reassure you all that I am still alive! And now I'm heading out to dinner but I'll leave you with a short funny little Lori story.  Picture it, Annandale...2002 (doing my best Sofia from Golden Girls' impression)...Lori and crew head to a 'mixed' club, where I think Kristen and I were the only straight people in the place, so absolutely no pick-up lines to worry about really. I cannot emphasise how nice it was to know that no guys were going to hit on us!  And girls might say stuff but they don't just come up to you and start dancing with you against your will. It's all good. Anyway, the club was fun and everyone was really nice and friendly. This one time, I was in the ladies room and I just finished washing my hands and these two girls were blocking the hand-dryer. I said politely, "Excuse me, please" and one of them grinned at me and slammed her elbow into the dryer and turned it on. She smiled harder and said, "Heyyyyyyy, they call me the Fonz!"  I laughed and told her she had great technique....too funny!