urlLink    So, what's the Story, Lori?   I've gotten quite a few e-mails lately from friends asking what the hell is going on. To summarise:  1. The 'visa people' demanded more info from us last week. 2. The 'visa people' rang to ask for more info from us this week. 3. Lori had to hassle former supervisors to fax over additional info on the work she did for them (supervisors from Sydney, Boston, New York city) within 24 hours 4. On Friday the 19th of April, Lori receives a letter from the Tenancy Tribunal re: a court hearing for Monday the 2nd of May. Ummm, huh? 5. Lori spends the weekend wondering what the hell the hearing could be about as she's never received anything regarding a hearing before and even the letter about the hearing doesn't indicate what it's all about.  urlLink   6. Lori rings the Tenancy Tribunal on Monday only to be told their computers are down and they can't tell her what the hearing is about either. 7. On Wednesday, Lori finally gets through to the Tribunal who fax her over the official complaint. Apparently Lori's inept real estate agent sent her a notice of eviction at the beginning of February, saying she was over $720 behind in rent. 8. Then the real estate agent filed for a Tribunal hearing because Lori ignored the notice for eviction (Which Lori definitely never received) and continued to live in her apartment after the eviction date (27th of February), thus ignoring her eviction entirely and living there still oweing $720 in rent. 9. Lori is stunned, puzzled, and says, "HUH?" for a long time. Then she thinks, "What eviction notice? $720 behind? How can that be? I pay my rent every month! Why didn't my dumb-ass real estate agent mention 'Hey, how come you're still living in your apartment that we're kicking you out of?' when I went in to grab the apartment keys from him after dropping my set down the elevator shaft?" 10. Lori becomes alarmed that she's speaking in the 3rd person.   urlLink   So that's the gist of what's been happening. Resolutions to all this and more, coming  soon to a blog near you.  *The pics:  The first pic is for B who recently asked what's the longest my hair has ever been. That's it. You can't tell, but it was halfway down my butt. (Um, not a good look for a non-hippie.) The 2nd pic is of me and Andrew. It's your classic role reversal, and breaking down gender barriers. Why can't boys ride the handle bars while the girl pedals, huh? Andrew keeps sending me intriguing little stories from Korea, and it reminded me that I never put this pic up - or did I? I may actually just be losing my mind...The third pic is of me and Angela - likewise, can't remember if I ever put this up - I'm hopefully going to see Angela next weekend in Melbourne...yay! Happy Belated Anzac Day!