Bonjour, Paris!   Okay, so I lied! If you want to say hi,  urlLink butterflynet@ekno.com  is a much better e-mail address to use as it takes ages for me to access the messages for the other account as it forwards to my work account, which is so big, I could go eat lunch and come back and it would still be loading up. My bad.  Yes yes, (oui oui!) it's disgusting that I am in an internet cafe in Paris, but I have just been walking non-stop for 5 hours, so I think I deserve a little sit-down. And if I just happen to sit down in front of a computer with internet access, so be it! :-)  So I arrived in London last night, safe and sound. I was sitting in the middle of the middle, in between a mother and son. I ended up talking to them about colleges - the son is just looking at schools now and Boston University and Brown are two that he is looking at, so I had lots to say on that subject! I met a really cool girl waiting in line for the luggage/ticket check-in at JFK airport and we knew so much about each other after that hour, let me tell you. We bonded over stupid people who had to re-pack their stuff at the counter! I also met a really kind woman on the Heathrow Express train to Paddington and scored a free taxi ride to the train station close to my hostel. I have quite the mixed review on my hostel, Ashlee House, but more about that in a later blog. No, unfortunately, I have not met any cute boys yet (except for the cute soul who pointed to the buzzer on hostel door in London when I stood there like an idiot, pulling and pushing on a non-budging door.)  But I am hopeful :-)  So, I took the train from London to Paris today. Sat next to a nice Italian man from London - he assured me I'd be okay with my minimal (read: non-existent) French. I totally planned to study my French phrases book both on the plane to London and on the train to Paris, but I dozed off both times. Ooops! I at one point figured out how to say I was originally from the United States but currently live in Australia. I have, of course, forgotten that now. Sigh...I want to make an effort though----I certainly won't be the first or last person to murder the beautiful French language.  So, Rachel met me at the train station today and took me to her and Anthony's apartment which is lovely. So grateful I am staying with them. Rachel had to go to work, so I've been walking around for the last 5 hours. Paris is amazing. So beautiful, so grand, so cool! I did the Lonely Planet walking tour today and took way too many pics of the Bastille and Notre Dame, etc. etc. but I couldn't help it. I am going to go to the Picasso Museum tomorrow morning and then I think we're going to go see a bit of the country-side tomorrow. Monday will be my big museum day! Beautiful day in Paris today - love the old buildings, the cafes, etc. I feel like I'm walking around in a fairy tale.  Well, I better sign off - have been keeping a journal, so will add longer entries later! I will be here until Monday night - then I take the overnight train to Barcelona!  Au revoir!  p.s. Big happy birthday in advance to the lovely  urlLink Fidelma  for the 30th of June. Hope you have a great one, my dear! :-)