the good, the bad, and the ugly. well, the bad and ugly, anyway.    So, news. I was at work friday night, finishing up my paperwork so I could go home, and a couple cops showed up. Seems I sold a 6 pack of beer to a minor. It was a sting, I got stung. I did stop a minor from buying beer that day, too. someone who used to work there came up trying to buy a 12 pack, and he's like 20. he was trying to fool this new girl. in any case, I got a ticket, and I'll probably get fired. My boss said I'm suspended until his boss gets back in town monday, and they'll pass judgement then. Of course, the Big Boss in charge of the company has it in for me, so I'll most likely get fired. I've had this job for a year and a half. I've never done anything for that long. The job market here is dismal, at best. I don't know what I'm going to do...  Other news. I bought a webcam and a 21" monitor. before I learned that I'd most likely be fired. the webcam was cheap cheap - 15 bucks cheap. the monitor not so much. I paid 249 bucks for a dell 21" trinitron-tubed monster. The monitor works great, and I've finally climbed up the tallest mountain and yelled to the heavens: " I own a monitor that can run at 2048X1536!! Suck it down!! " 2048x1536 is the resolution of the gods. to put it in perspective, set your (pathetic) monitor to 1024X768. now imagine 4 of those desktops, in a square, on one monitor. My monitor can do that. Yes, I've developed a superiority complex because of it, but c'mon - I mean, it's 21 inches!  Oh yeah, I mentioned the webcam, so  urlLink Go look.  I rn it the whole time I'm awake, but it just points to where I sit in front of the computer (with the monitor that's bigger than yours), so it isn't exactly tension-filled. I will end up doing weird things with it.. I mean, I always do that, it's kinda my thing.   current music:  The soundtrack for "requiem for a dream". I cannot describe the beauty of this album. it's a cello quartet and an electronic musician creating the soundtrack of a movie about heroin addiction. I was floored the first time I heard it. I still haven't bought the album, mostly because I can't find it where I shop for cd's. I do, however, have the mp3 (one mp3, the whole album. this album deserves to be listened to all at once) and I listen to it a lot. I highly recommend it. at least get the mp3 to experience it once.