I have a desk. 'tis a large desk, to be sure. It resembles  urlLink THIS.  It is the vessel on which my immortal soul will travel thru eternity, because it is the only thing that will last that long. It is also heavy. hernia-inducingly, mind-numbingly heavy. it forms a gravity well, and the moon will eventually crash into it. but it shall live on. and now it lives in the basement, with me.  My former roomates (who got a nifty apartment along with the computer business they are buying) went back to our former home and retrieved all my (and their) belongings, and ferried them 500 miles up here in a 26 foot u-haul. all my furniture and whatnot was in there, including the steel monster (as I am prone to call it lately). The desk and a large couch stayed in the garage, which is at-grade with the basement (the house is built into a hill). Normally it takes 2 people to move the desk, and 3 to carry it. I moved it into the basement, at great cost to my health. I fought it for a while, learned it wouldn't go thru the door upright, so I fought it onto it's back and fought it most of the way thru the door, until I realized that I needed to remove the door, since it was also too large to fit thru the door on it's back. So I removed the door (the only part of this ordeal that was easy) and proceeded to fight the desk back thru the door until I realized that it was * still * too wide for the space. so I pulled the leg off. See in that picture I linked to, how the leg is sort of a large square looking thing? well, it's a rectangle, and it is as deep as the desk, and the feet for that side are both attached to it. and it is attached to the desk via 4 nut-backed screws, 2 of which are very nearly impossible to get at, since they live deep within the bowels of the monster. but I prevailed, and re-attached everything, and now I'm sitting here in front of the old wooden desk, because I'm too tired to move the monster over here and transfer the computer to it, even though my 21" monitor is putting this particle board hutch thru unspeakable pain.   current music:  "26 mixes for cash" by aphex twin. It's an album of his remix work done over the last 10 or so years. It's not out yet, but I  PIRATIZED&COPY;  it. I found it on a warez channel I was hanging out in on irc. that and the new megadeth double live cd, and the rage against the machine rare and live cd, and the (7 disc!) soundtrack of gta:vice city. tee-hee!