I just played a round of command and conquer: generals. Good game, but I have one gripe - the A.I. is fucking ruthless. I played a skirmish round with 3 computer controlled players, who  all  had assault teams rolling across my base before I had any way to defend myself -  before I had my fucking war factory built.  All I had was a handful of infantry, and a few builders constructing my base defenses. the builders, construction sites, and infantry were trampled upon and burned. My measly infantry units were no match for the mighty chinese flame tank, which then parked in front of my goddamned headquarters and crispy fried my new builders as they came out. I lost horribly. I got  stomped on.  in 5 minutes. So I decided to get on here and complain a bit, as I am wont to do. See, there is a technique called  rushing  in real-time strategy games like generals and warcraft and such. Rushing means to build a large army of cheap units early on, then use them to mow down your unprepared enemy, who might be able to stop a tank or 2, but is helpless against a swarm of humvees. The problem with this is: the computer rushes. constantly. every time it builds a new unit, that unit make a bee line for your base. and every unit that trickles down the road attacks the same building, over and over and over, until it breaks, then the stream flows in a new direction. The only way to combat this is to build defenses immediately, quickly building up an impenetrable wall of rocket towers or whatnot so you can actually build your base up without having to constantly rebuild key structures. But. the computer has certain advantages over you that I thought I might list here:  1) The computer can see the whole map, all the time, and it knows exactly what you are doing, and where - from the first second of gameplay. I've had super-weapons hit tank convoys that took the long way around, and never got within sight of any enemies. 2) The computer doesn't need to use a mouse or keyboard to issue commands, and thus issues them instantly to multiple units. The computer can have 45 units scattered to hell and gone and have every single one of them bear down on various key structures in your base - at exactly the same time. This allows the computer to organize vast multi-spearhead assaults that outflank your defenses and tear them down just in time for the bomber run that wouldn't have made it anywhere near the target otherwise. 3) The computer is 100% effecient. there is never an idle worker or any wasted resources. The computer knows the radius of attack of every unit and can position them in an exact grid to provide 100% coverage. 4) The computer instantly attacks the biggest threat when fighting you, then it moves on to the next biggest threat. If your flame tank is wiping out those infantry, the next missile will strike that flame tank. 5) All that "ruthless" A.I. that is supposedly using strategy and cunning to outmanuver you also allows it to amass hard-hitting assault teams at the base before they rush your base, giving them a greater chance to punch thru.  Picture this: you start a skirmish against a computer opponent. You start off with your one worker, who you tell to go build a supply center so you can collect resources to start building. then you queue up a couple more workers. The computer already has as many workers as it is going to need queued up - they were queued up instantly, in the same instant that the first worker went to build a supply center. You get your new workers, who you tell to go build a barracks and a war factory or maybe a base defense. The computer will be building tanks before you get done with the barracks. Then, as you go to work on your second defense turret, and you have a tank building, and maybe some infantry - the first wave comes. You will die quickly if you don't drive the computer away. Sucks to be you.   current music:  "kill you" by korn rad guys, korn.