Ok, so a few things. One, I have been jobless since I moved up to the great state of illinois (best way to mispronounce it: "illinwah", like it was a french word), and I might be getting me a job stocking at the local wal-place, but they won't start interviewing for 2 weeks, and I kinda sorta really am entirely desperate to get a job right the fuck right now, if not sooner. So a friend of mine (Wanker) calls up and says "you want a job?" and yeah, I kinda do, as stated. So I'll probably start doing this other job in the next couple days. I'll be on a floor crew at a store. I'll be one of the guys working the various brooms and machinery at the store at 3 am. I used to be the other people in the store - the ones wandering around looking like some kind of seedy zombie who might shoplift or eat your brains if you blink. That job is only part time, tho. 3 hours a day, 5 days a week. feh. Work is money, and money is good money. Another thing - I played red faction 2.  it's really really really short. Like short. Like I feel like I played a fucking demo. Seriously. I downloaded it (yeah fuck you too), unzipped it, installed it, played it, and fucking beat it - inside of 24 hours. Actual playing time was like 8 hours, maybe 10. that makes me sad. Somebody expects me to pay 50 bucks for 2 cd's worth of 8-10 hours of gameplay. and it's a first-person shooter, so no replay value, really. Things like this just piss me off. I played the demo for thief 2, and it took me like 3 hours the first time thru. A 3 hour demo. And I kept replaying that demo, trying to do things differently, take different routes. I played the freelancer demo, and it was an average demo, but after the demo missions ended, you can play for a really long time in kind of a free mode, where you can trade goods or play random jobs (you play a freelance space pilot). People who make games take note: I'm not about to pay you 50 fucking dollars for a game I can finish in 8 hours. Most of my jobs, I don't make 50 bucks in an 8 hour shift. On a similar note: while Piratizing&copy; red faction 2, I saw metal gear solid 2 up for download. But No. Metal gear solid 2 comes on a dvd, so the download is *eighty* 50 meg files. for the small version that fits on 5.2 gig dvd-r media. Y'know, if I was to desire that game, I'd buy it. No way in hell am I going to download 5 gigs of one game.   current music:  Well, to begin with it was "astro" by the white stripes, which contains the topic as a lyric. but then it was "psycho drama" by ultraviolence, "my heat goes boom" by snoop dogg, "this means war" by busta rhymes with ozzy osbourne, "dope boy fresh" by T.I., and finally "blackout" by method man and redman. took me a while to type this one out.