So this post is about games. I know I have a lot of those, but I play a lot, so I feel justified.  &nbsp;  This is something I've noticted in games - most all of them.&nbsp; I hate how one shot to the head will kill somebody instantly - unless he knows you're shooting at him. Once alert, everybody gets some kind of internal kevlar helmet. They also get perfect night vision scopes once you've fired. If you fire one bullet into the back of some guy's head, everybody else - who was facing the other way, spins around and knows you've shifted over behind the car and adjust their "blind" aim to suit. They act like they can't see you, but when you move, so does the rain of bullets.&nbsp;And the bosses are&nbsp;"Just Tougher". I love those games, where the boss is just like anybody else, and there's no reason why you shouldn't be able to slay him with the same brutal effectiveness you dispatch everybody else with - but for some reason this guy can just take rockets to the forehead like nobody's business. I guess being evil or mean makes you more resistant to explosives and bullets and big fucking swords that cut everybody else clean the fuck in half. I can see the demon/giant spider/undead abomination/radioactive biomechanical mutant squirrel being hard to kill, but if the big boss is just this guy, and he's the mastermind behind all the evil, for some reason you can unload the ManKillerX4000 into his throat and he'll just run around the corner, or he'll whip out his Pistol That Hurts More Than Any Other Gun In The Game and fire away like you weren't putting 8 pounds of lead a second thru his larynx. And he's the most accurate shot in the world. He can be doing a flip thru an explosion and hit you, running behind a scaffolding 50 yards away, in the forehead, shooting from the hip, with a flintlock pistol, in a snowstorm. And he has an eyepatch.  &nbsp;   Music Of The Moment:  "crimson and clover" by Tommy James and The Shondells. Voted "best use of tremelo" for 1968.  &nbsp;   Link Of The Moment:   urlLink Turkish Delight   &nbsp;  Word Of The Moment:    urlLink Adjoining  which isn't really an obscure or hard word - but it's just such a great one. I mean - just say it: Adjoining. Ad-Joy-Ning. Isn't that just fantastic to say?