On Roses and Posies (an essay on the state of flora in the world, and how they relate to the chaos created by man) -------------------     Damn. I hate flowers. Flowers suck, maybe I should plant garlic or something. Or a tree. Yeah, I could plant an oak tree, come back in 50 years, and chop it down - thus pissing off countless squirrels, and scattering acorns everywhere. I don't even like trees. Why am I still writing this? Just a bad idea to start with, if you ask me. I also dislike the way the tab key works in non-word processing programs. I expect it to tab over 5 spaces, and it sends my cursor to a different field.  I got your cursor right here, bud. I bet it would be bad to play catch with a keychain. I know whenever somebody throws keys at me and I catch them, I go "Ow" and rub my hand for a minute. Would you rather watch the last half of Rain Man or all of Deep Blue Sea? What if Rain Man was Superman and Deep Blue Sea was The Abyss? Heh. I just noticed that in one of those earlier posts (the reallly bad one), the bad link is purple, as in "has been recently visited", and the disney link is blue, as in "ain't been there". You should all go out and buy "renegades" by rage against the machine. every last one of you. they cover lots of classic rap and rock stuff, they even cover Devo. I gotta fill whitespace here, so I'm gonna start typing the lyrics to "I'm Bad" by ll cool j (back from way before he did Deep Blue Sea) No rapper can rap quite like I can, I'll take a musclebound man and put his face in the sand. Not the last mafioso - I'm a mc cop. Make you say "Go LL" and do the wop. If you think you can outrhyme me, yeah boy, I bet - cause I ain't met a motherfucker who can do that yet. Trendsetter, I'm better, my rhymes are good, I got a gold nameplate that says "I wish you would" and when battles begin then I gotta join in and before my rhyme is over - You know I'ma win. That works, I guess. Maybe nobody has read this far, and I can start being really weird. Nah.