I now present you with  urlLink a picture of a hamburger.  you know you have too much time on your hands  urlLink when...  Are you Amish? Yes? Then shame on you for being on a computer, but since you are commiting this atrocity anyway, you may as well buy a new churn  urlLink here.  I was reading the "about" part of that website, and it said "many of our customers live 'off the grid'", and went on to talk about non-electric appliances. soooo.... if you don't have power, how are you supposed to be getting to this website? is the computer hooked up to your windmill? Maybe carrier pigeon for the data transfers? Something to think about: Do you know why there aren't any klan rallies in China? (besides the obvious) Answer - because they would get run over by tanks. We Americans are weenies about that kinda stuff. If I was in charge, I would have a special branch of the army just for running klan members over with tanks. them and all those people that buy tickets to concerts so they can protest the artist. I got two words for you: STAY HOME!!! you know, I *really* hate country music. I consider country music to be the devil's music (The devil is the father of lies - would he send his message thru evil music? Nope. It would be on a garth brooks record.) but I don't own any country albums, and I don't go to country concerts. Why? Because I hate country music, of course.Obvious, isn't it? Not to everybody, it would seem. There are people who buy marilyn manson cd's just so they can analyze the lyrics, and they go to concerts just to bitch and moan and hold up signs to a bunch of people who paid good money to see an artist they enjoy. Don't preach to the choir. Go stand outside the record store, and put your money back in your wallet. Before you buy the damned music, grab your signs. maybe somebody will see it, and it will influence them. "I think I might get that cd by that Marilyn Manson guy and see if I like it...hey, that guy doesn't seem to like manson very much. Hmm, maybe I'll get something by Judas Priest or Christian Death instead." See? Problem solved. &lt;/SOAPBOX&gt;