Music I enjoy: Heavy Metal, Old School Rap (mostly early "gangsta" rap), Neo-Metal type stuff (like korn, system of a down, orgy, stuff like that) Primus (because they don't really fit anywhere else), the occasional hardcore techno-esque song (Aphex Twin's "Come To Daddy" was genius). I have a dark past. I used to listen to pop rap. Yup. I who worship Nine Inch Nails and the Beastie Boys, once owned two tapes by marky mark and the funky bunch. I also had vanilla ice's first album, and I was way into the fat boys. I'm over that now (thank {your deity here}), but I have a new vice - Cover songs. I don't know what it is, but I really love it when a group takes a classic song and perverts it just the right way. Marilyn Manson's "Sweet Dreams" and "I put a spell on you", The Mighty Mighty Bosstones "Detroit Rock City" and "Enter Sandman" (and I don't even like the bosstones. at all),  anything like that, I love it. Music I DO NOT enjoy: teeny pop, country, whiny alternative garbage. pretty much anything written before 1980 (and most of what was written in the 80s), manufactured bands (like n*stync, backdoor boys, and the countless other new kids/menudo clones) britney spears (both personally and musically - I hope she gets attacked by killer bees and stumbles into traffic, where she would be run over by christina aguilera's tour bus, which would then careen off a cliff, exploding in a glorious fireball upon impact with the cold hard ground.) christina aguilera (she learned spanish so she could record a spanish language album because she wanted to be true to her roots. her roots are in new england) and I'm not too fond of the elevator music crap that people like enya keep oozing all over us. ok, feeling better now. I got some rare old anthrax off napster (gives finger to "The Man") so I'm great. Speaking of napster, it's nice to see the true artists coming out in favor of napster. most artists are pretty neutral on napster (the "who gives a shit?" attitude is cool), some are really pissed off about napster (not to name any names *COUGH*metallica*COUGH*), and are trying to get it banned. those artists are money hungry, and not interested in making music for the sake of making music. and then there are some artists (Like prince and rage against the machine and chuck d and offspring and limp bizkit) who actually like napster, and encourage it's use. rage against the machine's management actually banned some users, so RATM apologized by offering a bunch of cool music on their website (to make up for some of their fans being denied the music they wanted). uh, what was I talking about?.... To Hell with it, I'm finished. (gives another finger to "The Man" just for fun)