Well, I've been on that there internet for a coon's age, and I've seen many things, some of which were quite entertaining, some of which would make a 60 year old tranvestite stripper cough up her 4th tequila and semen cocktail. Through all my journeying, however, I've found that there is one truth to the internet - one constant. One thing that we all need to see as the horrible problem it is, and that we must rise up to stop:   It's "YOUR", as in "Maybe a dingo ate your baby.", and "YOU'RE", as in "There's a party in my pants, and you're all invited."   I cannot stress this enough. We as a society need to find all instances of this travesty, and squash it. We must rise up as one and find all those who propagate this abuse of the english language. Did we not take english class? Are we to the point where we can no longer distinguish between "your" and "you are"? I've been to all corners of this, the world wide web. I've seen the dark offramps and gutters lining the information superhighway, and this one thing keeps attacking. It's worse than any virus, it's more infectious than the hampster dance (or hamster, if you want to be snooty and spell it right). So many times I've seen an otherwise hopeful webpage throw itself away by using phrases such as "Welcom to my webpage, your welcome to look around, but I created theses pages, so don't take whats not you'res". Now the lack of the apostrophe I can deal with, but  the extra one ? Why? What caused you to add the extra punctuation, when you had previously omitted it? The only answer is sheer, blinding, painful stupidity. I know I don't use proper punctuation, and my grammar leaves much to be desired - but it's my style of writing. I write this way because I can express myself more efficiently this way. Saying "your" where you should have said "you're" is just wrong. "you're" instead of "your" is worse. "your'e" or "yo'ure" is just wrong regardless.  And now, some offensive rap lyrics: "Tell your girl to stop changing her lipstick - I'm starting to get rainbows around my dick." "Face down, ass up - That's the way we likes to fuck." "...and when I'm finished, there's gonna be a bloodbath of cops dying in L.A.. Yo dre, I got something to say: Fuck the police"